Exemplar: AL1876-000750
Earliest: AL1852-000800
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 570

-----------------------------------------------

AL1852-000800

2208. The plaintifff, in a real action, may have judgment against the defendant
for the rent of the premises which accrues after judgment, and before delivery
of possession, by motion in the circuit court where the judgment was renderfad,
ten days’ notice thereof in writing being given, unless the Judgment is stayed
by appeal, and bond given to supersede the judgment; in which case the motion
may be made after the affirmance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-009450

984. The plaintifff may have judgment for the rent of the possession which
accrues after judgment, and before delivery of possession by motion in the
District Court in which the judgment was .rendered, ten days notice thereof in
writing being given, un­ less judgment is stayed by appeal, and bond given to
suspend the judgment, in which case the motion may be made after the affirmance
thereof: ·

-----------------------------------------------


AL1867-000900

2609. (2208) Bent accrued after judgment, recovered on motion.— The plaintifff
in a real action may have judgment against the defend ant for the rent of the
premises which accrues after 'udgment, and before delivery of possession, by
motion in the circult court where the judgment was rendered, ten days notice
thereof in writin being given, unless the judgment is stayed b appeal, and bond
given to supersede the judgment; in_which case e motion may be made after the
aﬂirmance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1876-000750

2958 (2609). Rent accrued after judgment, recovered on motion. — The plaintifff
in action for realty may have judgment against the defendant for the rent of
the premises which accrues after judg ment, and before delivery of possession,
by motion in the circuit court where the judgment was rendered, ten days notice
thereof in writing being given, unless the judgment is stayed by appeal, and
bond given to supersede the judgment ; in which case the motion may be made
after the affirmance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1887-001430

2711. (2958). Rent accrued after judgment recovered on motion.—The plaintifff
may have judgment against the defend ant for the rent of the premises which
accrues after judgment, and before the delivery of possession, by motion in the
circuit court where the judgment was rendered, on ten days' notice in writing,
unless the judgment is stayed by appeal and superse deas, in which case the
motion may be made after affirmance of the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


