Exemplar: AL1876-009300
Earliest: AL1852-007600
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 989

-----------------------------------------------

AL1852-007600

2890. A defendant may answer at any time after the bill is filed, and must
answer within thirty da s after the ser'vice of the summons, or after perfecting
pub ication, or obtain further time, or a decree ro confesso may be passed.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1852-008080

2938. Decrees pro confesso may be taken before the register on the failure of a
defendant to answer or plead to the "bill, within thirty dags after service of
the summons, or thirty days after the pu lication has been perfected, unless the
time for answering or leading has been extended; in which case a decree pro con
esso may be passed, at the expiration of such time.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1867-008640

3341. (2890) Defendant (0 answer in Uzi-rly days, or deci'ee' 7'0 confesso
passed—A defendant may answer at any time after the ill is ﬁled, and must
answer within thirty days after the service of the summons, 'or within tln'rty
days after the period speciﬁed in the or der of publication to answer, if the
publication required by the or der has been perfected, or obtain further time,
or a decree Pro can esso may be passed.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1867-009150

3390. (2938) Decrees pro cmy’esso on failure to answer, (£10., for tlnrtg days
—Decrees pro confe-sso may be taken before the register, on t e failure of the
defendant to answer or plead to the bill Within thirty days after service of the
summons, “or thirty days after the period speciﬁed in the order of publication,
to answer, if the publi cation required by the order has been erfected, unless
the time fOI' answering Or pleading has been exten ed; in which case, a decree
pro confes-s‘o may be passed at the expiration of such time.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1876-009300

3775 (3341). Defendant to answer in thirty days, or decree %rro confesso passed.
—A defendant may answer at any time after the bill is filed, and must answer
within thirty days after the service of the summons, or within thirty days after
the period specified in the order of publication to answer, if the publication
required by the order has been perfected, or he must obtain further time ;
otherwise a decree pro confesso may be passed.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1876-009820

3823 (3390). Decrees pro confesso on failure to answer, &c,for thirty days. —
Decrees pro confesso may be taken before the register, on the failure of the
defendant to answer or plead to the bill within thirty days after service of the
summons, or thirty days after the period specified in the order of publication
to answer, if the publication required by the order has been perfected, unless
the time for answering or pleading has been extended ; in which case, a decree
pro confesso may be passed at the expiration of such time.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1887-009140

3434. (3775). Time for answer; decree pro confesso. —A defendant must demur,
plead, or answer within thirty days after the service of the summons, or within
thirty days after the period specified in the order of publication, if the
publication required by the order has been perfected, or he must obtain further
time ; otherwise, a decree pro confesso may be passed.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1887-009670

3482. (3823). Decrees pro confesso. —Decrees pro confesso may be taken before
the register on the failure of the de fendant to demur, plead to, or answer the
bill within thirty days after service of the summons, or thirty days after the
period specified in the order of publication, if the publication requiredby the
order has been perfected, unless the time for answering or pleading has been
extended; in which case, a decree pro confesso may be passed at the expiration
of such time.

-----------------------------------------------


