Exemplar: CA1872-009810
Earliest: CA1872-009810
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 2514

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-009810

1242. In all cases where land is required for pubhe use, the State, or its
agents in charge of such use, may survey and locate the same; but it must be
located in the manner which will be most compatible with the greatest public
good and the least private injury, and subject to the provisions of Section
1247. The State, or its agents in charge of such public use, may enter upon the
land and make examinations, surveys, and ‘maps thereof, and such entry shall
constitute no cause of action in favor of the owners of the land, except for
injuries resulting from negligence, wantonness, or malice.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-013040

1242. In all cases where land is required for public use, the State, or its
agents in charge of such use, may survey and locate the same; but it must be
located in the manner which will be most compatible with the greatest public
good and the least private injury, and subject to the provisions of section
twelve hundred and forty-seven. The State, or its agents in charge of such
public use, may enter upon the land and make examination, surveys and maps
thereof, and such entry shall constitute no cause of action in favor of the
owners of the land, except for in juries resulting from negligence, wantonness,
or malice. State or its agents—Civil Code, sec. 1001.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-009200

855. In all cases where land is required for pub-lic use, the Territory or its
agents in charge of such use, may survey and locate the same; but it must be
located in the manner which will be most compatible with the greatest public
good and the least private in'nry, and sub. ject to the provisions of this
Chapter. _The erritory or its agents in charge of such public use, may enter
upon the land and make examinations, surveys, and maps thereof, and such entry
shall constitute no cause of action in favor of the owners of the land, except
for injuries resulting trum negligence, wantonness, or malice. ,

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-012350

2215. In all cases where land is required for public use, the State, or its
agents in charge of such use, may survey and locate the same; but it must be
located in the manner which will be most compatible with the greatest pub­ lic
good and the least private injury, and subject to the provisions of Section
2220. The State, or its agents in charge of such public use, may enter upon
the land and make examination, surveys and maps thereof, and such entry shall
constitute no cause of action in favor of the owners of the land, except from
injuries resulting from negligence, wantonness or malice.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-013770

3592. Right to enter to make survey, etc. Damage. In all votes where land is
required for public use, the person or corporation or his or its agents in
charge of such use, may survey and locate the same; but it must be located in
the manner which will be most compatible with the greatest public good and the
least private injury, and subject to the provisions of this chapter. The person
or corporation or his or its agents in charge of such public use, mayr enter
upon the land and make examinations, surveys, and maps thereof, and such entry
shall constitute no cause of action in favor of the owners of the lands, except
for injuries resulting from negligence, wantonness, or malice. [C. L. § 3845.
Cal. C. Civ. P. 1 1242*

-----------------------------------------------


