Exemplar: CA1858-003260
Earliest: CA1868-003090
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 21633

-----------------------------------------------

CA1868-003090

304. When it appears that partition cannot be made equal between the parties,
according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rights and
interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to another, on account of the inequality;
but such compensation shall not be re­ quired to be made to others by owners
unknown, nor by an infant, unless it shall appear that such infant has personal
property sufflcient for that purpose, and that bis interest will be promoted
thereby. And in all cases the court shall have power to make compensatory
adjustment between the res· pective parties, according to the ordinary
principles of equity.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006240

792. When it appears that partition cannot be made equal between the parties,
according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rights and
interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the Court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to another, on account of the inequality;
but such compensation shall not be required to be made to others by owners
unknown, nor by an infant, unless it appears that such infant has personal
property sufiicient for that purpose, and that his interest will be promoted
thereby. And in all cases the Court has power to make compensatory adjustment
between the respective parties, according to the ordinary principles of equity.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006140

588. When it appears that the parti tion cannot be made equal between the
parties according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rights
and interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to another, on account of the inequality,
but such compen sation shall not be required to be made to others by owners
unknown, nor by an infant, unless it appears that such infant has personal
property suf ficient for that purpose, and that his interest will be promoted
thereby. And in all cases the court has power to make compensatory adjustment
between the respective parties, according to the ordinary principles of equity.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008650

792. When it appears that partition cannot be made equal between the parties,
according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rignts and
interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to an. Code Civ. Peoc—85. other, On account
PARTITION of the OF inequality BEAL PKOPERTY. ; but such compensa 290 tion shall
not he required to he made to others by owners unknown, nor by an infant, unless
it appears that such infant has personal property sufficient for that purpose,
and that his interest will be promoted thereby. And in all cases, the court has
power to make compensatory ad justment between the respective parties, according
to the ordinary principles of equity. Deposit in court, sees. 573, 2104.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005700

527. When it appears that partition cannot be made equal between the parties,
according to their respeetive rights, without prejudice to the rights and
interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the Court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to another, on account of the inequality;
but such compensation shall not be required to be made to others by owners
unknown, nor by an infant, unless it appears that such infant has personal
property snflicient for that purpose, and that his interest will be promoted
thereby. And in all cases the (lmrt has power to make compensatory adjustment
between the respective parties, according to the ordinary principles of equity.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007260

5402. Wl1e11 it appears that the partition cannot be made equal between the
parties according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rights
and interests of some of them, and a partition be orclered, the court may
adjudge compensation to be made by one p?'rty to another, on a?count of the
inequality; but such compensation shall not be. required to be made to others
bJ" owners unknown, nor by an infant, unless it appears that such infant has
personal property sufficient for that purpose, and that his interest will be
promoted thereby. And in all cases the court has power to make compensatory
adjustment between the respective parties, according to the ordinary principles
of equity.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007660

1387. When it appears that a partition cannot be made equal between the parties,
according to their respective rights, without prejudice to the rights and
interests of some of them, and a partition be ordered, the court may adjudge
compensation to be made by one party to another, on account of the inequality ;
but such compensation shall not be required to be made to others by owners
unknown, nor by an infant, unless it appears that such infant has personal
property sufficient for that purpose, and that his interest will be pro­ moted
thereby. And in all cases, the court has power to make compensatory adjustment
between the respective parties, according to the ordinary princi­ ples of
equity.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-013070

3562. Where partition impracticable, compensation ordered. When it appears
that a partition cannot be made equally between the parties according to their
respective rights, without prejudice to the rights and interest of some of them,
and a partition be ordered, the court may adjudge compensation to be made by one
party to another, on account of the inequality ; but such com pensation shall
not be required to be made to others by owners unknown, nor by a minor, unless
it appears that such minor has personal property sufficient for that purpose,
and that his interest will be promoted thereby. And in all cases the court has
power to make compensatory adjustment between the respective parties, according
to the ordinary principles of equity. [C. L. § 3519. Cal. C Civ. P. I 792.

-----------------------------------------------


