Exemplar: CA1851-004090
Earliest: CA1851-004090
Documents in cluster: 18
Cluster ID: 2086

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-004090

371. Upon such summons the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently ; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation. .

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004020

371. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently ; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from suchliability by the statute of
limitation. I I

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003520

320. Upon such summons the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003630

830. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by e statute of
limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003740

373. Upon such summons the defendant may answer within the time specihed
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-003190

294. Upon such summons the defendant may answer upon the return day thereof,
denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation.l

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003760

371. Upon such summons the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or be may deny bis liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation [limitations].

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003860

356. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-008790

850. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007940

992. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the bbligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the Statute of
Limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003070

270. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subSequently, or he may deny his liability on‘ the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, for any cause, except a discharge from such liability by
the statute of limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-010680

992. Upon such summons, the defendant may an swer within the time specified
therein, denying the judg ment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the obliga tion upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the Statute of
Limitations. Answer—sec. 437, notes, et seq.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-007290

675. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within t e time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have
arisen subsequently, except a discharge from such liability by the Statute
of Limitations; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-006520

866. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer %;ithin the time specified
therein, denying the judgnient, or setting uip any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability )y the statute of
limutations.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-001820

166. Upon such summons the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered. except a discharge from such liability by the statute of
limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-010000

1783. Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; or he may deny his liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the Statute of
Limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-006330

3204. Answer. Defense other than by limitation. Upon such summons the defendant
may answer within the time specified therein, denying the j udgment, or setting
up any defense which may have arisen subsequently, or he may deny his liability
on the obligation upon which the judgment was recov ered, except a discharge
from such liability by the statute of limitations. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-001750

238.) Upon such summons, the defendant may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently ; or he may deny his J o In t d e Mors not served may be summoned
to show cause, when. Sum mons, con tents of. Summons to be a c c o m uanled by
affidavit. Answer of joint debtor. liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was recovered, ex cept a discharge from such liability by the statute
of limitation. fading in such

-----------------------------------------------


