Exemplar: CA1872-004280
Earliest: CA1858-007070
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 2401

-----------------------------------------------

CA1858-007070

654. Whenever property has been taken by an oliicer, under a writ of attachment,
in pursuance of the provisions of said act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the court, or a judge thereof, or a county judge, that the
interest of the parties to the action will be subserved by a sale thereof, the
court or judge may order such property to be sold in the same manner as property
is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court to abide
the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the
adverse party, or his attorney, in case such party has been personally served
with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-006370

579. Whenever property has been taken by an officer, under a writ of attachment,
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the court, or a judge thereof, or a probate judge, that the
interest of the parties to the action wil be subserved by a sale thereof, the
court or judge may order such roperty to be sold in the same manner as property
is sold un er an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court to abide
the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the
adverse party, or his attorney, in case such party has been personally served
with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-006560

596. Whenever property has been taken by an officer, under a writ of attachment,
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the court, ora judge thereof, or a rebate judge, that the
interest of the parties to the action wil be subserved by a sale thereof, the
court or judge may order such property to be sold, in the same manner as proper?
is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposite in court, to abide
the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the
‘adverse party or his attorney, in case such party has been personally served
with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-004800

437. Whenever property has been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment,
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the court, or a judge thereof, or a probate judge, that the
interest of the parties to the action will be subserved by a sale thereof, the
court or judge may order such property to be sold in the same manner as property
is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court to abide
the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the
adverse party or his attorney in case such party has been personally served with
summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-006490

664. Whenever property bas been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment,
in pursuance of the provisions of said act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the court, or a judge thereof, or a county judge, that the
interest of the parties to the action will be subeerved by II sale thereof,
the court or judge may order such property to be sold, in the same manner as
property is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court,
to abide the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice
to the ad­ Teree party, or his attorney, in case such party has been ~r­ sooally
served with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-006480

595. Whenever property has been taken by an officer under awrit of attachment
in pursuance of the provisions of said Act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the Court, or a Judge thereof, that the interests of the
parties to the action will be sustained by the sale thereof, the Court or Judge
may order such prOperty to be sold, in the same manner as property is sold under
an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in Court to abide the judgment in
the a 4’ tion. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the adverse part ,*
or his attorney, in case such party has been personally served with a. summons
in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-006450

593. Whenever prOperty has been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment
1n pursuance of the provisions of this Act, and it shall be made to appear
satisfactorily to the Court, or Judge thereof, that the interests of the
parties to the action will sustained by the sale thereof, the Court, or Judge,
may order such property to be sold, in the same manner as pro rty is sold un
eranexecution,and the proceeds to be deposite in Court to abide the judgment in
the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice to the adverse party, or
his attorney, in case such party has been personally served with a summons in
the action.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004280

548. Whenever property has been taken by an officer under a Writ of attachment,
and it is made to appear satisfactorily to the Court, or a Judge thereof, or a
County Judge, that the interest. of the parties to the action will be subserved
by a sale thereof, the Court or Judge may order such property to be sold in
the same manner as property is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be
deposited in the Court, to abide the judgment in the action. Such order can be
made only upon notice to the adverse party or his attorney, in case such party
has been personally served with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-004810

415. Whenever property has been taken by an .officer, under a writ of
attachment, in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and it shall be made to
appear satisfactorily to the court or a judge thereof, or a county judge, that
the interest of the parties to the action wilL be subserved by a sale thereof,
the court or judge, may order such property to be sold, in the same manner as
property is sold under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court,
to abide the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice
to the adverse party or-his attorney, in case such party has been personally
served with summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-005410

547. If any of the property attached be perishable, the sheriff must sell the
same in the manner in which such property is sold on execution. The proceeds and
other property attached by him must be retained by him to answer any judgment
that may be recovered, in the action, unless sooner subjected to execution upon
another judgment, recovered previous to the issuing of the attach ment. Debts
and credits attached may be collected by him, if the same can be done without
suit. The sheriff's receipt is a sufficient discharge for the amount paid. Sale
on attachment—see. 548n. J 548. "Whenever property has been taken by an cer
under a writ of attachment, and it is made to ap pear satisfactorily to the
court or a judge thereof, that the interest of the parties to the action will be
subserved by a sale thereof, the court or judge may order such prop erty to be
Bold in the same manner as property is sold under an execution, and the proceeds
to be deposited in the court, to abide the judgment in the action. Such order
can be made only upon notice to the adverse party or his attorney, in case such
party has been personally served with a summons in the action. [In effect March
9th, 1880.] Sale on attachment—49 Cal. 297.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-003540

329. Whenever property has been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment,
and it is made to appear satisfactory to the Court, oraJudge thereof, that
the interest of the parties to the action will be subserved by a sale thereof,
the Court or Judge may order such pro(perty to be sold in the same manner
as property is sol under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in
the Court, to abide the judgment in the action. Such order can be made only
upon notice to the adverse party or his attorney, in case such party has been
personally served with a summons in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-003170

445. (415.) Whenever property has been taken by an oﬂlcer, under a writ of
attachment, in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and it shall be made to
appear satisfactorily to the court or a Judge thereof, or a county jud e, that
the interest of the parties to the action Wlll be subserved by a sa e thereof,
the court or judge may order such property to be sold, "1 the same manner as
property is sold under an eirccution, and the proceeds to be deposited in court,
to abide the judgment in the action. Such order shall be made only upon notice
to the adverse party or his attorney, In case such party has been personally
served with summons m the action. [Copies of United States records which may be
read In evidence] Sac. 446. (416.) A copy of an record. or document, or paper‘
_1n l-‘:1? custody of a ublic oﬂicer of this tate, or of the Umted States within
t 15 State, certiﬁe under the oﬁicial seal, or veriﬁed by the oath of such
oﬁicer,_l° be evidence a true, in full,anand action correct or copy proceeding
of the original in the courts in his of custody, this State, may in _be the
I 8 manner, and with the like effect, as the original could be if produced.
[Appellate oourt—Declsiona of law—Wrltten—Beason:o]

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-004830

904. Whenever property has been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment,
and it is made to appear satisfactorily to the court or a judge thereof that the
interest of the parties to the action will be subserved by a sale thereof, the
court may order such property to be sold in the same manner as property is sold
under an execution, and the proceeds to be deposited in the court to abide the
judgment in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-004300

3079. Sale of property when interests subserved thereby. Order. Whenever
property has been taken by an officer under a writ of attachment, and it is made
to appear satisfactorily to the court or a judge thereof, that the interest of
the parties to the action will be subserved by a sale thereof, the court or j
udge may order such property to be sold in the same manner as property is sold
under an execution, and the proceeds to bo deposited in the court, to abide the
judg ment in the action. Such order can be made only upon notice to the adverse
party or his attorney, in case such party has been personally served with a
summons in the action. [C. L. § 3319. Cal. C. Civ. P. \ 548.

-----------------------------------------------


