Exemplar: CA1858-005220
Earliest: CA1851-005300
Documents in cluster: 18
Cluster ID: 2228

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-005300

475. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given, be denied, the Clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the Court in which the application for the writ is pending, a
certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial; aRer which either
party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable notice to
the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-005220

475. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given, be denied, the clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is pending,
a certified copy of the. verdict attached to the order of trial; after which,
either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-004700

422. If no notice of a new trial be given, or if given be denied, the clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is pending,
a certified copy , of the verdict attached to the order of trial ; after which
either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-004830

433. If no notice of a new trial be given, or if given, be denied, the clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is pending, a
certified cop of the verdict attached to the order of trial; after_ which either
party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable notice to
the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004780

477. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given, be denied, the clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is pending, a
certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial; after which either
party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable notice to
the adverse party. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-004310

391. If no notice-of a motion for a new trial be given, or if given be denied,
the clerk within five days after the rendition of the verdict, or denial of the
motion, shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is
pending, a certified copy of the verdict, attached to the order of trial, after
which either party may bring on the argument of the application upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004760

475. If no notice for R new trial be given, or if given, be denied. the clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the court in which the application for the writ is pending,
a certi­ fled copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial; after which
either party may bring on the argument of the appli­ cation, upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-005010

455. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given be denied, the Clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict, or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the Court in which the application for the writ is pending,
a certified copy of the verdict, attached to the order of trial ; after which
either party may g on the argument of the application, upon reasonable notice to
the se party.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-004950

453. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given be denied, the Clerk,
within five days after the rendition of the verdict, or denial of the motion,
shall transmit to the Court in which the ap lication for the writ is pending,
a certified COpy of the ver ict attached to the order of trial; after which,
either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-008670

1093. If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or if given, the motion
be denied, the Clerk, within five days after rendition of the verdict or denial
of the motion, must transmit to the Court in which the application for the writ
is pending, a certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial; aRer
which either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003560

309. If no notice for a new trial be given, or if given, it be denied, the
clerk, within five days after the rendition of the verdict or denial of the
motion, shall transmit to the court, in which the application for the writ is
pending, a certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial, after
which either party may bring on the argument of the application upon reasonable
notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-007360

703. If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or, if given, the motion
be denied, the clerk, within five days after rendition of the verdict or denial
of the motion, must transmit to the court in which the application for the writ
is pending, a certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial,
after which either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon
reasonable notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-011550

1093. If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or, if given, the
motion be denied, the clerk, within rive days after rendition of the verdict or
denial of the motion, must transmit to the court in which the applica tion for
the writ is pending, a certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of
trial; after which either party may bring on the argument of the application,
upon rea sonable notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-008010

746. If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or if given, the motion
be denied, the Clerk, within five days after rendition of the verdict or denial
of the motion, must transmit to the Court in which the a plication for the writ
is pending, a certified cop of t 1e verdict attached to the order of trial;
after whic either party may bring on the argument of the application, upon
reasonable notice to the adverse party;

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-002470

341. (309,) If no notice for a new trial be given, or 1f_g1veu, it big denied,
the clerk, within ﬁve days after the rendition of the verdict or denia of the
motion, shall transmit to the court in which the application for tfile writ is
nding. a certiﬁed copy of the verdict attached to the order of man, after W ioh
either party may bring on the ai'_t;'t1i11ei1t of the application upo reasonable
notice to the adverse pz1l't_\'_

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-008780

5525. If no notice of a motion for a ~ew: trial be given, or, if given, the
motion be denied, the clerk, w~th111 five days ct:ftttr rendition of the ver ..
diet or denial of the mot1011, must tr .. ansmi · .o the court in which the
application for tl1.e writ is rending, a ce~th· fled copy of the ver .. dict
attached to the 01 .. der of trial., atter whic either party may bring on the
argument of the application, upon reasonable notice to the adverse party.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-011010

1969. If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or, if given, the
motion be denied, the argument must proceed at any time the court or judge may
direct.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-014660

3649. When application pending in supreme court, verdict transmitted. Argument.
If no notice of a motion for a new trial be given, or, if given, the motion
be denied, if the application for the writ is pending in the supreme court the
clerk of the district court must within five days transmit to the supreme court
a certified copy of the verdict attached to the order of trial ; after which
either party may bring on the argument of the application in the court in which
it is pending upon reasonable notice to the adverse party. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


