Exemplar: ID1881-002350
Earliest: CA1872-003180
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 6554

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-003180

410. The summons may be served by the Sheriif of the county where the defendant
is found, or by any other person not a party to the action. A copy of the
complaint must be served with the summons, unless there is more than one
defendant residing in the same county, in Which case a copy of the complaint
must be served upon one of them. When the summons is served by the Sheriff it
must be returned, with his certificate of its service, and of the service of
a copy of the complaint, to the office of the Clerk from which it issued. When
it is served by any other person it must be returned to the same place, with
an affidavit of such person of its service, and of the service of a copy of the
complaint.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-003690

411 person, over the age of eighteen, not a party to the action. A copy of the
complaint must be served with the sum mons, unless two or more defendants are
residents of the same county, in which case a copy of the complaint need only be
served upon one of such defendants. When the summons is served by the sheriff,
it must be returned, with his certificate of its service, and of the service of
any copy of the complaint, where such copy is served, to the office of the clerk
from which it issued. When it is served by any other person, it must be returned
to the same place, with an affidavit of such person of its service, and of the
service of a copy of the complaint, where such copy is . served. [In effect July
1st, 1874.] Proof Serviceofofservice—sec. summons—manner 415. of, sec. 411 and
notes. Copy of complaint—essential, 11 Cal. 372; 28 Cal. 153; 35 Cal. 279; 41
Cal. 314. Certified, formerly had to be, 51 Cal. 615. Single, when suf ficient,
53 Cal. 737. Who may serve—sheriff 's deputy, not as such, 5 Cal. 449. Any out
side person, 31 Cal. 240. Who could serve formerly, 34 Cal. 391. In Justices'
Courts, sec. 849. Sheriff's return—sec. 415, subd. 1, note. Affidavit—sec. 415n.
Setting aside service—sec. 414w. Service after return—10 Cal. 572. Delay—in
serving summons, 29 Cal. 238; 36 Cal. 585; 39 Cal. 450; 45 Cal. 49; 17generally,
Cal. 614; sec. 48 Cal. 464; in Issuing summons, sec. 406n; in pros tration,
594».

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-002350

219. The summons may be served by the Sheriff of the county where the defendant
is found, or by any other person, over the of eighteen, not a party to the
action. A copy of t e complaint must be served with the summons, unless two or
more defendants are residents of the same county, in which case a copy of the
complaint need only be served upon one of such defendants. When the summons is
served by the Sheriff, it must be returned, with his certificate of its service,
and of the service of any copy of the complaint where such copy is served, to
the office of the Clerk from which it issued. When it is served by any other
person, it must be returned to the same place, with an affidavit of such rson of
its service, and of the service of a copy of t e complaint, where such copy is
served.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-002210

267. The summons must be served by the • of Uiiied States in,,, al 01 by the
siei'f of th county whiere the (lendant is found and served unless the court or
judge thereof shall otherwise order in any )articular case. A certified copy of
the compliunt must be served with the Suimmons, tfiless two or more defendants
tire residents of the same judicial district, in which crse a copy of' the
colnpaint need only )be served upon one of such defendants. When the summons is
served by the marshal or sheriff', it must be returned, with his certificate of
its service, and of the service of any copy of the complaint, where such copy is
serv(d, to the office of the clerk fron which it isstied. When it is served by
any other person, it Inust be returned to the same place, with all affidavit of'
such l)erson of its service, and of the service of it copy of the coniplaint,
where such copy is served.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-003300

635. The summons may be served by the sheriff of the county where the defendant
is found, or by any other person over the age of eighteen, not a party to the
action. · A copy of the complaint must be served with the sum­ mons, unless
two or more defendants are residents of the same county, in which c._.e a copy
of the complaint need only be served upon one of such de­ fendants. When the
summons is served by the sheriff it must be returned with his certificate of
service, and of the service of any copy of the complaint, where such copy is
served, to the office of the clerk from which it issued. When it is served by
any other person it must be returned to the same place, with an affidavit of
such person of its service and of the service of the copy of the complaint,
where such copy is served.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-000240

23. The summons shall be served in the manner now provided by law for the
service of process in actions at common law. When the summons is served by the
sheriff it must be returned with his certificate of service, and of the service
of any copy of the complaint or notice where such copy is served, to the office
of the clerk from which it is issued. When it is served by any other person it
must be returned to the same place. with the atiidavit of such person of its
service. and of the service of a copy of the complaint or notice where such copy
is served.

-----------------------------------------------


