Exemplar: CA1858-002310
Earliest: CA1868-002160
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 21788

-----------------------------------------------

CA1868-002160

212. The execution may be made returnable, at any time not less than ten nor
more than sixty days after its re­ ceipt. by the sheriff, to the clerk with
whom the judgment roll is filed; when the execution shall have been returned, it
shall he the duty of the clerk to attach the same to the judgment roll. If any
real estate be levied upon the clerk shall record the execution and the return
thereto at large, and certify the same under his hand as true copies, in a book
to he culled the " Execution Book," which book shall be indexed with the names
of the plaintifffs and defendants in execution alphabetically .arranged, and
kept open at all times during office hours for the inspection of the public,
without charge; and shall be evidence of the contents of the originals whenever
they or any part thereof may be de­ stroyed, Jost, or mutilated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-005300

683. The execution may be made returnable, at any time not less than ten nor
more than sixty days after its receipt by the Sheriff, to the Clerk with whom
the judgment roll is filed. Wllen the execution is returned, the Clerk must
attach it to the judgment roll. 11' any real estate be levied upon, the Clerk
must record the execution and the return thereto at large, and certify the same
under his hand as true copies, in a book to be called the “ execution book,”
which book must be-indexed, with the names of the plaintifffs and defendants‘
in execution alphabetically arranged, and kept open at all times during office
hours for the inspection of the public, without charge. - It is evidence of the
contents of the originals whenever they, or any part thereof, may be destroyed
or mutilated. *

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-007370

683. The execution may be made returnable, at any time not less than ten nor
more than sixty days after its receipt by the sheriff, to the clerk with whom
the judg ment roll is filed. When the execution is returned, the clerk must
attach it to the judgment roll. If any real es tate be levied upon, the clerk
must record the execution and the return thereto at large, and certify the same
un der his hand as true copies, in a book to be called the " execution book,"
which book must be indexed with the names of the plaintifffs and defendants in
execution, alpha

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-007380

684 betically arranged, and kept open at all times during DfiSce hours for
the inspection of the public without charge. It is evidence of the contents of
the originals whenever they or any part thereof may be destroyed or mutilated.
Sheriff's return-5Cal.53,470; 6 Cal. 85, 277 ; 8 Cal. 165; 12 Cal. 128; 21 Cal.
220; 38 Cal. 428.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-004700

432. The execution may be made returnable, at any time not less than ten nor
more than sixty days after its receipt by the Sheriff, to the Clerk with whom
the judgment roll is filed. When the execution is returned, the Clerk must
attach it to the judgment roll. If any real estate be levied upon, the Clerk
must record the execution and the return thereto at large, and certify the same
under his hand as true copies, in a book to be! called the “execution book,”
which book must be indexed, with the names of the plaintifffs and defendants
in execution alphabetically arranged, and kept open at all times during office
hours for the inspection of the public, without charge. It is evidence of the
contents of the originals whenever they, or any part thereof, may be destroyed
or mutilated. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-004340

562. The execution may be made returnable at any time not less than ten, nor
more than sixty days after its receipt by the officer, to the clerk with whohn
the iudlment roll is filed. When the execution is returne(l the clerk must
attach it to the judgment roll. If' any real estate )e levied upon, the clerk
must record the execution and the return thereto at large, and certify tlv same
under his hand as true copies, in a bo)k to le cilled the "execution book,"
which book must be indexed with the names of' the plaintitM and defendants in
execution, alphabetically arranged, and kept open at all times during office
hours for the inspt iton of the public without charge. It is evidence of the
contents of the originals whenever they or any part thereof, may be destroyed,
mutilated or lost.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-006440

1213. The execution may be made returnable, at any time not less than ten nor
more than sixty days after its receipt by the sheriff, to the clerk with whom
the judgment roll is filed. When the execution is returned the clerk must attach
it to the judgment roll. If any real estate be levied upon, the clerk must
record the execution and the return thereto at large, and certify the same under
his hand as true copies, in a book to be called the " Execution book," which
must be indexed with the names of the plaintifffs and defendants in execution,
alphabetically arranged, and kept open at all times during office hours for the
inspection of the public, without charge. It is evidence of the contents of the
originals whenever they or any part thereof may be destroyed or mutilated.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-006860

3235. Execution, when returnable. " Execution book." Entries. The execution may
be made returnable at any time not less than ten nor more than sixty days after
its receipt by the officer, to the clerk with whom the judg ment roll is filed.
When the execution is returned the clerk must attach it to the judgment roll.
If any real estate be levied upon, the clerk must record the execution and the
return thereto at large, and certify the same under his hand as true copies,
in a book to be called the ' ' execution book, ' ' which book must be indexed
with the names of the plaintifffs and defendants in execution, alphabeti cally
arranged, and kept open at all times during office hours for the inspection
of the public without charge. It is evidence of the contents of the originals
whenever they or any part thereof may be destroyed, mutilated, or lost. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


