Exemplar: AZ1887-006440
Earliest: CA1872-013060
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 1838

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-013060

1668. The order or decree may be made on the petition of the executor or
administrator, or of any person interested in the estate, but notice must be
given, or waived, unless distribution is made, or the time for making it is
fixed by order of the Court at the time of the settlement of the final account.
All proceedings not so Waived or dispensed with, must be had in the manner
provided in Article IV, Chapter VII, of this Title, for sale of real estate by
an executor or' administrator. The Court may order such further notice to be
given as it may deem proper. If partition is applied for, as provided in this
Chapter, such decree shall not divest the Court of jurisdiction for the purposes
of partition, unless the estate is finally closed.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-017180

1668. The order or decree may be made on the peti tion of the executor or
administrator, or of any person interested in the estate. Notice of the
application must be given by posting or publication as the court may direct, and
for such time as may be ordered. If partition be applied for as provided in this
chapter, the decree of dis tribution shall not divest the court of jurisdiction
to order partition, unless the estate is finally closed. [In effect July
Want1st, of notice—decree 1874.] of distribution void for, 46 Cal. 609.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-006440

287. The order or decree may be made on the petition of the executor or
administrator, or of any person interested in the estate. Notice of the
application must be given by posting or publication, as the court may direct,
and for such time as may be ordered. If partition be ap’plied for, as provided
in this chapter, the decree of distribution shall not divest the court of
jurisdiction to order partition, unless the estate is finally closed.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-013020

5927. The order or decree may be made on the petition of the executor or
administrator, or of any person interested in the­ estate. Notice of the
application must be given by posting 01· publication, as the court may direct,
and for such t~111.e a.s 1n~y be ordered. If partition be applied for, as
provided m this chapter, the decree of distribution shall not divest the court
of jurisdiction to order partition, unless the estate is finally closed.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-015950

2846. The order may be made on the petition of the executor or ad­ ministrator,
or of any person interested in the estate. Notice of the applica­ tion must be
given by posting or publication, as the court or judge may direct, and for such
time as may be ordered. If partition be applied for as provided in this Chapter,
the order of distribution shall not divest the court of jurisdic­ tion to order
partition, unless the estate is finally closed.

-----------------------------------------------


