Exemplar: CA1858-004040
Earliest: CA1851-004110
Documents in cluster: 19
Cluster ID: 2204

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-004110

373. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatished on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004040

373. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a. verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003540

322. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003650

832. The issue formed ma be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in is answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict e found against him, it shall be for the amount
renl1laining uusatisfie on such original judgment, with interest t ereon.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003760

375. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies in his answer any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a'verdict be found against him, it ' shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-003210

296. The issue found may be tried as in other cases, but. when the defendant
denies in his answer any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be»found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied» on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003780

373. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied ou such original judgment, with inter­ est thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003880

358. The issues formed may be tried [as] in other cases, but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if‘a verdict be found against him, 'it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003830

356. The issues formed may be tried as in other] cases, but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any: liability on the obligation upon which the jud
ent was rendered, if a verdict be foun against him, 1t s all be for the amount
remaining unsatis’ded on such original judgment, with interest thereon. ,

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-008810

852. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases, but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment! with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007960

994. The issues formed may be tried as i in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it must be for not exceeding
the amount remaining unsatislied on such original judgment, with interest
thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003090

272. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases, but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligations upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-010700

994. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him it must be for not exceeding the
amount remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.
Trial—sees. 607-645.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-007310

677. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it must he for not exceeding
the amount remaining unsatisfied on such original 'udgment, with interest
thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-001600

217. (271). If the <1 f d 08' ‘J set uP an)’ defense which mayehen am m Ins
answer den) ' t or the -ludgmeu " the affidavit annexed, and the 2:: arisen
subsequently, the summons, W1 t _ case if he den y hiS liability‘ on the wer.
shall constitute the allegations in the obligﬁtion upon which the judgment W85
{The Mann:-r of Giving and Entering Judgment. recovered, a copy of the original
colnplaint and judgment, the summons, with the aﬁiduvit aunexcd, and the
ultswcr, shall constitute such written allega tions. [TrIal~Verdlet or l|ablIlt_
\'—Alnount.] Sac. 218. (272) The issues formed may be tried as in other cases,
but when the defendant denies, in his answer, any liability on the obligations
upon which the judgment was remlcrctl. if a verdict be found against him, it
shall befor the amount remaining tlnsatisﬁetl on such original judgment, with
interest thereon. [Judgment without mil —l"0r securltya]

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-006540

868. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases, but when the defendant
(lenies, in his answer, any liability on the obligation iiponi whieh the
judgment was rendered, if a verdict Ibe found against him, it must be for nt)t
exceeding the amount remaining unsatislied on such original judgment, with
interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-001840

168. The issue found may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant
denies in his answer any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the amount
remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-010020

1785. The issues formed may be tried as in other cases, but when the defendant
denies in his answer, any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment
was rendered, if a verdict be found against him it must be for not exceeding the
amount remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-006360

3206. Issues tried as in other cases. Judgment. The issues formed may be tried
as in other cases, but when the defendant denies in his answer any liability
on the obligation upon which the judgment was rendered, if a verdict be found
against him, it must be for not exceeding the amount remaining unsatisfied on
such original judgment, with interest thereon. [C. L. § 3(>(>7. Cal. C. Civ. P.
I 994.

-----------------------------------------------


