Exemplar: OR1862-002430
Earliest: CA1851-001870
Documents in cluster: 12
Cluster ID: 21673

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-001870

171. When the Jury have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be . conducted
into Court by the othcer having them in charge. Their 5 names shall then be
called, and they shall be asked by the Court, or the ' Clerk, whether they have
agreed upon their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the adirmative, they
shall, on being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001840

171. When the jury have agreed upon the verdict, they shall be ' conducted into
court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall then be called,
and they shall be asked by the court, or ' the clerk, whether they have agreed
upon their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the affirmative, they shall, on
being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001830

171. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be conducted into
court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall then be called,
and they shall be asked by the court, or clerk, whether they have agreed upon,
their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the aliirmative, they shall, on
being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001840

171. %hen the jury shall have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be conducted
into court by the officer having them in char e. Their names shall then be
called, and the shall be aske by the court, or clerk, whether they have agree
upon their verdlct; and if the foreman answer in the afl1rmative, they shall, on
bein required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001740

173. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be conducted into
court by the oiiicer having them in charge. Their names shall be then called,
and they shall be asked by the court or the clerk whether they have agreed upon
their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the r affirmative, they shall, on
being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001550

143. When the jury shall have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be conducted
into court by the oliicer having them in charge. Their names shall be called,
and they shall be asked by the court or clerk whether they have agreed upon
their verdict, and if they answer in the affirmative, they shall pass the same
to the court or clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001750

171. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict, they shall be conducted into
court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall then be called,
and they shall be asked by the court, or the clerk, whether they have agreed
upon their verdict ; and if the foreman answer in the affirmÂ­ ative, they shall,
on being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001890

173. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict they shall be conducted into
Court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall then be called,
and they shall be asked by the Court, or the Clerk, whether they have agreed
upon their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the afiirmative, they shall, on
being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001850

172. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict they shall be conducted into
Court by the officer having them . in charge. ' Their names shall be called, and
they shall be asked by the Court, or the Clerk, whether they have agreed upon
their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the affirmative, they shall deliver
the same to the Clerk. '

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-001450

173. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict they shall be conducted into
court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall be then called,
and they shall be asked by the court or the clerk whether they have agreed upon
their verdict; and if the foreman answer in the affirmative they shall, on being
required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001940

176. When the jury have agreed upon their verdict they shall be conducted into
court by the officer having them in charge. , Their names shall then be called,
and they shall be asked by the court or the clerk whether they have agreed upon
their verdict, and if the foreman answers in the afiirmative, they shall, on
being required, declare the same.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-001350

177. (176.) When the 'ury have agreed upon their verdict they shall be conducted
into court by the officer having them in charge. Their names shall then be
called,and they shall be asked by the court or the clerk whether they have
agreed upon their verdict, and if the foreman answers in the affirmative, they
shall, on being required, declare the same. lcvrrectlon of verdict] I _

-----------------------------------------------


