Exemplar: OR1854-001720
Earliest: CA1851-001430
Documents in cluster: 21
Cluster ID: 16792

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-001430

133. If after selling all the property attached by him‘remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the Sheriff shall proceed tocollect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the Sheriff, upon reasonable demand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-001720

144. If, after selling all the property attached by him re. maining in his hands
and applying the proceeds to the payment of judgment and costs, any balance
shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as upon
an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment and all the costs of the
proceedings shall have been paid, the sheriff, upon reasonable demand, shall
deliver over to the defendant the residue of the attached property, or the
proceeds thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002430

27. If after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment and costs,
any balance shall remain due, the marshal shall proceed to collect such balance
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment and all costs of the
proceedings shall have been paid, the marshal, upon reasonable demand, shall
deliver over to the defendant the residue of the attached property remaining in
his hands, and any proceeds of the property attached une.pplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001420

133. If after selling all the property attached by him remainingin his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon reasonable demand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-003320

294. If after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds to the payment of the judgment and costs, any balance
shall remain due, the sheriff or other officer shall proceed to collect such
balance as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment and all
the costs in the proceeding shall have been paid, the sheriff or other officer
upon reasonable demand shall deliver over to the defendant the residue of the
attached property, or the proceeds thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001400

133. If, after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the roceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
col eeted by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon reasonable demand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unap lied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001410

133. If, after sellin all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
an applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the jud ent, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall procee to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the 'udgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon 'reasonable emand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001340

133. If, after selling all the pmperty attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts‘or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the-payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect ‘ such balance
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever t e judgment shall have been
paid, the sheriff, upon reasonable demands, shal deliver over to the defendant
the attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment. '

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001120

104. If after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid, the
sheriff upon reasonable demand shall deliver over to the defendant the attached
property remaining in his hands and any proceeds of the property attached
unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001370

133. If after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting bis fees, to the payment of the judgment, any bal­
ance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon reasonable de­ mand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached prop­ erty remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001460

136. If, after selling all the prOperty attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting the fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the Sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the Sheriff, upon reasonable demand, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached pr0perty remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001420

135. If, after selling all {the property attached by him remaining in- his
hands, and applym the proCeeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or cre
'ts collected by him, deducting the fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the Terntorial Marshal, or the Sheriff of the County,
shall proceed to collect such balance as u on an execution in other cases.
Whenever the judgment s all have been paid, the TerritOrial Marshal, or the
Sheriff of the Count , upon reasonable demand, shall deliver over to the defen
ant the attached property remaining» in his hands, and any protaeeds of the
prOperty attached unapplied on the ju gment.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-002240

214. If, after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting the fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sherif, upon reasonable demands, shall deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004310

551. If, after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the Sheriff must proceed to collect such balance,
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been
paid, the Sheriif, upon reasonable demand, must deliver over to the defendant
the attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-001080

133. If, after selling all the property attached by him re maining in his
hands, and applying the proceeds, together with the pro ceeds of any debts or
credits collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment,
any balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been
paid, the sheriff, upon reasonable demands, shall deliver over to the defendant
the attached property remain ing in his hands and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001140

108. If, after selling all_the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
collected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff shall proceed to collect such balance
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been
paid, the sheri1T, upon reasonable demand,shall deliver over to the defendant
the attached property remaining in his hands,and any proceeds of the property
attached unapplied on the judgment. '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-005440

551. If, after selling all the property attached by him remaining in his hands,
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits
col lected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the sheriff must proceed to collect such balance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon reasonable demand, must deliver over to the defendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property
attached un applied on the judgment. Surplus—7 Cal. 144; and see sec. 540n.
Payment of judgment—45 Cal. 616.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-003570

332. If, after selling all the property attached by‘ him remaining in his hands,
and ap lying the proceeds, i together with the proceeds of any ebts or credits
col-‘ lected by him, deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any
balance shall remain due, the Sheriff must proceed to collect such balance,
as upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been
paid, the Sheriff upon reasonable demand, must deliver over to the defendant
the attached property remainino in his hands, and anv proceeds of the property
attache unap lied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003380

424. It', after selling all the pUroperty attached by him remaining in Iii1s1,
iu0s, a.iid applying tihp rocee together with the -loeee(ls of' any debts or
credits collected by him, deducting his fees, to file payment of' the judgment,
any balance shall remain de, the officer must proceed to collect suchi balarce,
as upon an execution in other eases. Whenever the *jtugment shall have been
paid, the officer, upon reasonable demand, must deliver over to the deicudaut
the attached property releuiming in his hands, an( any proceeds of the property
attached, unapplied oii the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-004880

909. If, after selling all property attached by him remaining in his hands
and applying the proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debt or credits
collected by him, deducting his fee, to the payment of the judgment, any balance
that shall remain due, the sheriff must proceed to collect such bal­ ance as
upon an execution in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid,
the sheriff, upon reasonable demand, must deliver over to the de­ fendant the
attached property remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of property attached
unapplied on the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-004340

3081. Id. Deficiency. Collected as upon execution. Redelivery. If, after selling
all the property attached by him remaining in his hands, and applying the
proceeds, together with the proceeds of any debts or credits collected by him,
deducting his fees, to the payment of the judgment, any balance shall remain
due, the officer must proceed to collect such balance, as upon an execu tion
in other cases. Whenever the judgment shall have been paid, the officer, upon
reasonable demand, must deliver over to the defendant the attached prop erty
remaining in his hands, and any proceeds of the property attached, unapplied on
the judgment. [C. L. § 3321. Cal. C. Civ. P. \ 551.

-----------------------------------------------


