Exemplar: CA1872-012330
Earliest: CA1872-012330
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 2656

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-012330

1568. Upon the confirmation of the sale, the executor or administrator must
execute to the purchaser an assignment of the contract, which vests in the
purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title, and interest of the
estate, or of the persons entitled to the interest of the decedent, in the lands
sold at the time of the sale, and the purchaser has the same rights and remedies
against the vendor of such land as the decedent would have bad if he were
living.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-008530

246. Upon the confirmation of such sale, the executor or administrator shall
execute to the purchaser an assignment of the contract, which assignment shall
vest in the purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title and interest
of the persons entitled to the interest of the deceased in the land sold at the
time of the sale: and such purchaser shall · have the same rights and remedies
against the vendor of such lands as the deceased would have had if living.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-016250

1568. Upon the confirmation of the sale, the executor or administrator must
execute to the purchaser an assign ment of the contract, which vests in the
purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title, and interest of the
estate, or of the persons entitled to the interest of the de cedent, in the
lands sold at the time of the sale; and the purchaser has the same rights and
remedies against the vendor of such land as the decedent would have had if he
were living.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-005640

211. Upon the confirmation of the sale, the executor or administrator must
execute to the purchaser an assignment of the contract, which vests in the
purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title and interest of the
estate, or of the persons entitled to the interest of the decedent, in the lands
sold at the time of the sale, and the purchaser has the same rights and remedies
against the vendor of such land as the decedent would have bad if he were
living.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-012060

5851. Upon the confirmation of the sale, the executor or administrator must
execute to the purchaser an asaig nment of the contract, which vests in the
purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title arid interest of the
estate, or' of the persons entitled to the interest of the decedent in the lands
sold at the time of the sale aud the purchaser· has the same rights and remedies
against the vendor of such land as the decedent would have had if he were Ii
ving, . .

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-015060

2700. Upon the confirmation of the sale, the executor or administrator must
execute to the purchaser an assignment of the contract, which vests in the
purchaser, his heirs and assigns, all the tight, title and interest of the es­
tate, or of the persons entitled to the interest of the decedent, in the lands
sold at the time of the sale ; and the purchaser has the same rights and reme­
dies against the vendor of such land as the decedent would have if he were
living.

-----------------------------------------------


