Exemplar: UT1859-001360
Earliest: CA1851-001750
Documents in cluster: 16
Cluster ID: 19627

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-001750

159. When the action is called for trial by Jury, the Clerk shall . 7 prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the Jurors summoned I who have appeared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
Jury. If the ballots become exhausted before the Jury is complete, or if from
any cause a Juror or Jurors be excused or discharged, the Sheriff shall summon,
under the direction of the Court, from the citizens of the county and not from
bystanders, so many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the Jury.
The Jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the Clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-002010

7. When the action is called for trial, the clerk shall pre- pare separate
ballots, containing the names of the jurors summoned who have appeared and not
been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then 6raw from the box twelve
names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the jury. If the
ballots become exhausted before the jury is complete, or if from any cause a
juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriffi under the direction of
the court, shall summon from the bystanders or citizens of the county, so many
qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury. The jury shall
consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less number. The
parties may consent to any number not* less than three, and such consent shall
be entered by the clerk on the m'autes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-001950

185. When the action is called for trial, the clerk shall prepare separate
ballots, containing the names of the jurors summoned, who have appeared and
not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the box
twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn, shall constitute the If the
ballots become exhausted before the jury is complete, or if, from any cause, a
juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff, under the direction of
the court, shall summon from the bystanders, or citizens of the county, so many
qualified. persons as may be necessary to complete the jury. The jury shall
consist of twelve per- ' 90118» unless the parties consent to a less number.
_The parties may consent to any number, not less than three, and such consent
shall be entered:=by the clerk on the minutes of the trial. a

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002760

1. In any civil action where the parties are entitled to a trial by jury, and
either party shall demand such trial, the clerk shall prepare separate ballots
containing the names of the jurors sum­ moned, who have appeared and not been
excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the box names
sufficient in num­ ber to constitute the jury. If the ballots become exhausted
before the jury is complete, the marshal shall summon, under the direction of
the court, from citizens of this District, and not from bystanders, so many
qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury. The jury shall
consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less number. The
parties may consent to any number not less than three, and such consent shall be
entered by the clerk on the minutes of the trial. The parties may agree upon the
jurors to compose a special jury, and notify the court thereof, and the court
shall there­ upon direct the clerk to empannel such special jury, if it can be
done without unreasonable delay of the cause.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001720

159. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the jurors summoned, who have appeared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
If the ballots become exhausted before the is complete, or if from any cause a
juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff shall summons, under the
direction of the court, from the citizens of the county and not from bystanders,
so many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury. The jury
shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less number.
The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent shall be
entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001360

120. When the action is called for trial, the clerk shall prepare separate
ballots, containing the names of the jurors summoned, who have appeared and not
been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the box twelve
names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the jury. If the
ballots become exhausted before the jury is complete, or if from any cause a
juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff under the direction of the
court, shall summon from the bystanders or citizens of the county or district so
many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury. The jury shall
consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less number. The
parties may consent to any number not less than three, and such consent shall be
entered by the clerk on the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001710

159. When the action is called for trial byjury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballats, containing the names of the jurors summoned who havepppeared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
jury. If the ballots become exhausted before thejury is complete, or if, from
any cause, ajuror orjurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff' shall summon,
under the direction of the court, from the citizens of the county, and not from
bystanders, so many qualitied persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001720

159. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots, containing the names of the jurors summoned who have a cared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. e shall then draw from the box
twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the jury.
If the ballots become exhausted before the jury is complete, or if, from any
cause, a juror, or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff shall summons,
under the direction of the court, from the citizens of the county, and not from
bystanders, so man qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
he jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties ma consent to any number not less than three. Such consent s
all be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001620

161. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the jurors summoned who have appeared
and not been'excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the ersons Whose names are drawn shall constitute the
jury. If the ballots ecome exhausted before the jury is complete, or if from
any cause a juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff shall summon,
under the direction of the court, from the ’citizens of the county "and not from
bystanders, so many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The. jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001430

131. When the action is called for trial by jury, the jurors summoned who have
appeared and not been excused, shall be called. If the panel is not full, the
sheriff shall summon from the citizens of the county —and not from the by-
standers— so many competent persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consentto a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001630

159. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the jurors summoned who have appeared
and not been ex· cused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
jury. If the ballots become exhausted before the jury-is complete, or if from
any cause a juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff sluul summon,
under the direction of the court, from the citizens of the county and not from
bystanders, eo many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a Iese
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001770

161. When the action is called for trial by jury, the Clerk . shall prepare
separate ballots, containing the names of' the jurors sum- ‘ moned who have
appeared and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then
draw from the box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall
constitute the jury. If the ballots become exhausted before the jury is
complete, or if from any cause a juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the
Sheriff shall summon, under the direction of the Court, from the citizens of the
county, and not from bystanders, so many qualified persons as may be necessary
' to complete the jury. The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the
parties consent to a less number. The parties may consent to any number not less
than four. Such consent shall be entered by the Clerk in the minutes of the ,
trial. '

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001730

160. When the actionis called for trial by jury, the Clerk shall prepare
seperate' ballots, containing the. names of ; the jurors summoned who have.
appeared and not, been 4 excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall thendraw
from the box! twelve names, and the rsons whose names are drawn shall censtitute
the jury. the . ballots become exausted before the jury is com lete,.or if from
any cause a juror or jurors :be eXcused or disc arged, the Territorial Marshal,
or the Sheriff of the County shall summon, under the direction of Court, from,
the citizens of the County, and not from bystanders, so man qualified persons as
may be necessary to complete the jury. he jury shall consist of twelve persons,
unless the parties consent to a less number. The partles may consent to any
number not less than four, Such consent shall be entered by the Clerk in the
minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-002110

200. When the action is called for trial, the clerk shall prepare separate
ballots, containing the nauu-s of the jurors summoned, who have appeared and
not been ex­ cused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the box
twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the jury.
If the ballots become ex­ hausted, before the jury is complete, or if from
any cause, a juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff, under the
direction of the court, shall summon from the bystanders, citizens of the county
so many qualified persons as may be nec­ essary to complete the. jury. The jury
shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less number.
The parties may consent to any number not less than three, and such consent
shall be entered bv the clerk on the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-001330

161. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the jurors summoned who have appeared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. He shall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
jury. If the ballots become exhausted before the jury is complete, or if from
any cause a juror or jurors be excused or discharged, the sheriff shall summon,
under the direction of the court, from the citizens of the county and not from
bystanders, so many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001770

159. When the action is called for trial by jury, the clerk shall prepare
separate ballots containing the names of the jurors summoned who have appeared
and not been excused, and deposit them in a box. Heoshall then draw from the
box twelve names, and the persons whose names are drawn shall constitute the
jury. If the ballot becomes exhausted before the jury is complete, or if from
any cause a juror is excused or discharged, the clerk shall, under direction of
the court, draw from the box furnished by the county commissioners, as provided‘
by law, so many additional names as shall be necessary, in the manner provided
by law, ‘and if the names in the box are exhausted before the jury is complete,
the sheriff shall summon, under the direction of the court, from the citizens of
the county, so many qualified persons as may be necessary to complete the jury.
The jury shall consist of twelve persons, unless the parties consent to a less
number. The parties may consent to any number not less than three. Such consent
shall be entered by the clerk in the_ minutes of the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


