Exemplar: CA1872-010810
Earliest: CA1872-010810
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 2565

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-010810

1378. Before letters of administration are granted on the estate of any person
who is represented to have died intestate, the fact of his dying intestate must
be proved by the testimony of the applicant or others; and the Court may also
examine any other person concerning the time, place, and manner of his death,
the place of his residence at the time, the value and character of his property,
and whether or not the decedent left any Will, and may compel any person. to
attend as a witness for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-014360

1378. Before letters of administration are granted on the estate of any person
who is represented to have died intestate, the fact of his dying intestate must
be proved by the testimony of the applicant or others, and the court may also
examine any other person concerning the time, place, and manner of his death,
the place of his residence at the time, the value and character of his property,
and whether or not the decedent left any will, and may compel any person to
attend as a witness for that purpose. Place of residence—of alleged Intestate,
testimony admissible, 7 Cal. 215. Witness—compelling attendance of, sec. 1985 et
seq.: creditor may be, My. P. Eep. 202.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-004150

64. Before letters of administration are granted on the es tate of any person
who is represented to have died intestate, the fact of his dying intestate must
be proved by the testimony of the applicant or others, and the court may also
examine any other person concerning the time, place and manner of his death, the
place of his residence at the time, the value and character of his property, and
whether or not _the decedent left any will, and may compel any person to attend
as a witness for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-010550

5718. Before letters of adminiatration are granted on the estate of 'any person
who is represented to have died intestate, the fact of his dying intestate must
be proved by the testimony of the applicant or others; and the court mav also
examine any other person concerning the time, place and manner of his death, the
place .of hie-residence at th-a 'time, the value and character of his property,
and whether or not the decedent left any will, and may compel any person to
attend as a vc itness for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-013530

2447. Before letters of administration are granted on the estate of any person
who is represented to have died intestate, the fact of his dying intes­ tate
must be proved by the testimony of the applicant or others, and the court or
judge may also examine any other person concerning the time, place, and manner
of his death, the place of his residence at the time, the value and char­ acter
of his property, and whether or not the decedent left any will, and may compel
any person to attend as a witness for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


