Exemplar: CA1858-004030
Earliest: CA1851-004100
Documents in cluster: 20
Cluster ID: 2203

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-004100

372. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense,
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the aliidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case: if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judg— ment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004030

372. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons with the affidavit annexed, and the
answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003530

321. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judg,. ment, or set up any
defense which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit
annexed, and the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the
case; if he deny his liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was
recovered, a copy of the original complaint and judgment, the summons with the
affidavit annexed, and the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003640

331. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the afhdavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitue the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003750

374. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the aiiidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations. '

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-003200

295. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the allidavit ailixed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons with the affidavit. annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003770

372. If the defendant in bis answer deny the judg­ ment, or set up any defense,
which may have arisen subse­ quently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case ; if he
deny his liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a
copy of the original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit
annexed, and the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003870

357. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case. If he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations,

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003820

355. If the defendant in his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense.
which may have ansen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case.‘ If he deny
his liabilit on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovers , a coPy
of the original complaint and the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and the
answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-008800

851. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the aiiidavit annexed, and
the answers shall constitute the written allegations in the case. If he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007950

993. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002970

371. The summons, as provided in the last section, shall de scribe the judgment,
and require the person summoned to show cause why he should not be bound by it,
and shall be served in the same manner, and returnable within the same time,
as the original summons. It shall not be necessary to file a new complaint.
Sec 372. The summons should be accompanied by an affidavit of the plaintifff,
his agent, representative or attorney, that the judgment or some part thereof
remains unsatisfied; and shall specify the amount due thereon. Sec 373. Upon
such summons the defendant may answer within the time specified therein, denying
the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen subsequently;
or he may deny his liability on" the obligation upon which the judgment was
recovered, except a discharge from such liability by the statute of limitation.
Sec 374. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny
his liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of
the original complaint and judg ment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, shall con stitute such written allegations. Sec 375. The issues
formed may be tried as in other cases; but when the defendant denies in his
answer any liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was rendered, if
a verdict be found against him. it shall be for the amount remaining unsatisfied
on such original judgmeut, with interest thereon. Confession of Judgment without
Action. Sec 376. A judgment by confession may be entered without ac tion, either
for money due or to become due, or to secure any person against contingent
liability on behalf of the defendant, or both, in the manner prescribed in this
chapter. Sec 377. A statement in writing shall be made, signed by the defendant,
and verified by his oath, to the following effect: 1st. It shall authorize the
entry of judgment for a specified sum. 2d. If it be for money due or to become
due, and shall state concisely the facts out of which it arose, and shall show
that the sum confessed therefore is justly due or to become due. 3d. If it be
for the purpose of securing the plaintifff against a contingent liability, it
shalf state concisely the facts constituting the liability, and shall show that
the sum confessed therefore does not exceed the same.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003080

271. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently the summons with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, shall consitute the allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upn which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-010690

993. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judg ment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen sub sequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, constitute the written allegations in the case : if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-007300

676. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the - judgment, or-set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the aliidavits annexed,
and the answer, constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-006530

867. If the (Iefin(lant, in his answer, deny the judgmnt, or set up fny defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the aildavit annexed, and
file answer, constitute the written allegations in the case; if lie deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and utlgmieiit, the sunumr ois, wvith the alidavit annexed,
and the answer, constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-001830

167. If the defendant in his answer deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case. If he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-010010

1784. If the defendant, in his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons with the affi­ davit annexed,
and the answer, constitute the written allegations in the case; if he deny his
liability on the obligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the
original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, constitute such written allegations.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-006350

3205. Id. What constitute the written allegations. If the defendant, in
his answer, deny the judgment, or set up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, the summons with the affidavit annexed and the answer constitute
the written allegations in the ease; if he deny his liability on the obligation
upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of the- original complaint and
judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and the answer, constitute
such written allegations. [C. L. § 3666. Cal. C. Civ. P. 2 993.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-001760

239.) If the defendant in his answer deny the judg ment, or set up any defense
which may have arisen subsequently, the summons, with the affidavit annexed, and
the answer, shall constitute the written allegations in the case. If he deny his
liability on the ob ligation upon which the judgment was recovered, a copy of
the original complaint and judgment, the summons, with the affidavit annexed,
and the answer, shall constitute such written allegations. issue, how tried.
1449. (g^ 240.) The issue framed may be tried as in other cases ; but when the
defendant denies in his answer any liability on the obligation upon which the
judgment was rendered, if a verdict be found against him, it shall be for the
amount remaining unsatisfied on such original judgment, with interest thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


