Exemplar: CA1858-006410
Earliest: CA1851-006520
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 2250

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-006520

590. Either party may challenge the jurors. The. challenges shall be either
peremptory, or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause, on any grounds set forth in
Section 162. ° Challenges for cause shall be tried by the Justice in a summary
manner, who may examine the juror challenged, and witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-006410

590. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory, or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause, on any grounds set forth
in section one hundred and sixty-two. Challenges for cause shall be tried by
the justice in a summary manner, who may examine the juror challenged, and
witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-005850

530. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory or for a cause. Each} party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause, on any grounds set forth in
section number one hundred and sixty-two. Challenges for cause shall be tried
by the justice in a summary manner, who may examine the juror challenged and
witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-006020

545. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory or for a cause. Each party may challenge for cause, on any grounds
set forth in section number one hundred and sixty-two. Challenges for cause
shall be tried by the justice in a summary manner, who may examine the juror
challenged and witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-005930

592. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenge shall be either
peremptory or for cause. Each party shall be entitledto three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any grounds set forth in
section 164.- Challenges for cause shall be tried by the justice in a summary
manner, who may examine the juror challenged and witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-005890

590. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory, or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause, on any grounds set forth
in section one hundred and sixty-two, Challenges for cause shall be tried by
the justice in a summary manner, who m~y examine the juror challenged, and
witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-005990

548. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any grounds set’forth in
Section One Hundred and Sixty-four. Challenges for cause shall be tried by the
Justice in a summary manner, who may examine the juror challenged and witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-005950

546. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenges shall be either
peremptory or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challen for cause on any grounds set forth in
Section One Hundre and Sixty-Three. Challenges for cause shall be tried by the
Justice in a summary manner, who may examine the juror challenged and witnesses.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007100

885. The challenges are either peremptory or for cause. Each party is entitled
to three peremptory challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any
grounds set forth in Section 602. Challenges for cause must be tried by the
Justice.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-004740

592. Either party may challenge the jurors. The challenge shall be either
peremptory or for cause. Each party shall be entitled to three peremptory
challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any grounds set forth in
section 164. Challenges for cause shall be tried by the justice in a summary
manner, who may examine the juror challenged and witnesses. Judgment and
Execution.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-009690

885. The challenges are either peremptory or for cause. Each party is entitled
to three peremptory chal lenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any
grounds set forth in section six hundred and two. Chal lenges for cause must be
tried by the justice. Challenges—compare sees. 601, 602.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-006450

597. The challenges are either peremptory or for cause. Each party is entitled
to three peremptory challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any
grounds set forth as rounds of such challenge in the District Court. Challenges
for cause must he tried I-y the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-008960

1607. The challenges are either peremptory or for cause. Each party is entitled
to two peremptory challenges. Either party may challenge for cause on any
grounds set forth in Section roeo. Challenges for cause must be tried by the
justice.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-015960

3720. Challenges to jurors. Number. The challenges are either peremptory, or for
cause. Each part}' is entitled to three peremptory challenges. Either party may
challenge for cause on any grounds set forth as grounds for such challenge in
the district court. Challenges for cause must be tried by the court. [C. L. §
3591. Cal. C. Civ. P. I 885». Challenge, district court, ?§ 3136-3147.

-----------------------------------------------


