Exemplar: CA1851-004420
Earliest: CA1851-004420
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 2093

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-004420

398. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness, as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which 'was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the
patient.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004340

398. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness, as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the
patient.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003840

346. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, with_out the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness, as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the
patient.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003950

856. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which was e necessary to enable him to prescri or act for the
patient.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004010

400. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness as to any information acquired in attending
the patient which was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the
patient.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004030

398. A licensed physician, or surgeon, shall not. with· out tLe consent of hie
patient, be examined as a witness as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which was necessary to enable him to prescribe, or act, for the
pa­ tient; provided, however, in any suit, or prosecution, against a physician,
or surgeon, for malpractice, if the patient, or party, suing, or prosecuting,
shall give such consent, and any such witness shall give testimony, then such
physician, or surgeon, defendant, may call any other physicians, or sur­ geons,
as witnesses, on behalf of defendant, without the consent of such patient, or
party, suing, or prosecuting.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-004200

384. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness as to any information acquired in attending
the patient, which was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the
patient; provided, however, in any suit or prosecution against a physician or
surgeon for malpractice, if the patient or party suing or prosecuting shall
require or give such consent, and any such witness shall give testimony, then
such physician or surgeon, defendant, may call any other physicians or surgeons
as witnesses on behalf of defendant, without the consent of such patient or
party suing or prosecuting.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-004140

382. A licensed physician or surgeon shall not, without the consent of his
patient, be examined as a witness as to any information ac uired in attending
the atient, which was necessary to enable im to prescribe or act or the patient:
provided, however, in any suit or prosecution against a physician or surgeon
for malpractice, if the patient or party sueing or rosecuting shall require or
give such consent, and any suc witness shall give testimony, then such physician
or surgeon, defendant, may call any other physicians or surgeons as witnesses
on behalf. of defendant, without the consent of such patient or party sueing or
prosecuting.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-010740

4. A physician or surgeon cannot, without the consent of his patient, be
examined in a civil action as to any information acquired in attending the
patient which was necessary to enable him to prescribe or act for the patient.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-011380

1038. A physician or surgeon shal not,_ against the objection of his patient,
be examined in a civil action or roceeding as to any information acquired in
attending the patient W ich was necessary to enable him to rescribe or act for
the patient.

-----------------------------------------------


