Exemplar: CA1880-013200
Earliest: CA1872-009920
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 2914

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-009920

1253. When payments have been made and the ~ bond given, if the plaintifff
elects to give one, as required by the last two sections, the Court must make a
final order of condemnation, which must describe the property condemned and the
purposes of such condemna. tion. A copy of the order must be filed in the office
of the Recorder of the county, and thereupon the property described therein
shall vest in the plaintifff for the purposes therein specified.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-013200

1253. When payments have been made, and the bond given, if the plaintifff elects
to give one, as required by the last two sections, the court must make a final
order of condemnation, which must describe the property condemned, and the
purposes of such condemnation. A copy of the order must be filed in the office
of the recorder of the county, and thereupon the property described therein
shall vest in the plaintifff for the purposes therein specified.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-009310

866. When payments have been made and the bond given, if the plaintifff elects
to give one, as required by the last two sections, the Court must make a final
order of condemnation, which must describe the property condemned and the
purposes of such condemnation. A copy of the order must be filed in the office
of the Recorder of the county, and thereupon the property described therein
shall vest in the plaintifff for the purposes therein specified.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-008340

1120. When payments have been made and the bond given, if' the plaintifff elects
to give one, as required condematiu, I)v the last two sections, the court must
make a final order 'What oif condemnation, which must describe file property
Condemned and file plpose of' such condemnation. A coly of' the order nust l)e
filed iti the office of the recorder of the county, an( thereupon the property
described therein titvlees shall ve st ill the plaintiffl' for the pu'pose
therein specified.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-012480

2228. When payments have been made, and the bond given, if the plaintifff elects
to give one, as required by the last two Sections, the court or judge must make
a final orderof condemnation, which must describe the prop­ erty condemned, and
the purposes of such condemnation. A copy of the or­ der must be filed in the
office of the county clerk, and thereupon the property described therein shall
vest in the plaintifff for the purposes therein specified.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-014030

3603. Final order made upon payment. Recording same. When payments have been
made (and the bond given, if the plaintifff elects to give one), as required by
the last two sections, the court must make a final order of con demnation, which
must describe the property' condemned and the purpose of such condemnation. A
copy of the order must be filed in the office of the recorder of the county, and
thereupon the property described therein shall vest in the plaintifff for the
purpose therein specified. [C. L. § 3856. Cal. C. Civ. P. 1 1253.

-----------------------------------------------


