Exemplar: CA1851-003190
Earliest: CA1851-003190
Documents in cluster: 17
Cluster ID: 2063

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-003190

291. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the Court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate ; and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in
Court for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003130

291. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate ; and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in
court for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007450

688. If such consent be not given, filed, and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate ; and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in
court for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007690

707. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
section at or before a jud ent of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determigrig what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, w1ll be a Just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of
(s)1:c(l11eestate,da_nd shaltl fordlernthel signs to be paideto _s1:ch party,
posi e in cour or 1 , s e case may r quir .

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002940

293. If such consent be not given, filed, and entered, as provided in; the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate; and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005630

519. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-002960

291. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment or sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the Bille, after deducting
ex­ penees, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate; and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003190

293. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as proVlded in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the Court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds 0f the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum ‘0 be allowed on account of such
estate, and shall order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in Court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003140

291. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
Section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the Court shall ascertain
and determine what ~pr0portion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
eXpenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and shall'order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in the
Court for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006110

779. If such consent be not given, filed, and entered as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the Court must ascertain
and determine What proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonablesum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in Court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002460

293. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as pro vided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be al lowed on account of such
estate; and shall order the same to be paid to such party or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006010

575. If such consent be not given, filed and entered as provided in-the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court must ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reason able sum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008530

779. If such consent be not given, filed, and entered, as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court must ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deduct ing
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate; and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005570

514. If such consent be not given, filed, and entered as provided in the last
section, at or before a judgment ot sale is rendered, the Court must ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a Just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in Court
for him, as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007130

5389. If such consent be not given, filecl and entered as­ providecl in the last
section, at or before a judgment of sale is. rendered, the court must ascer tain
and determine what propor­ tion of the proceecls of the sale, after· deducting
expenses, will be­ a just and reasonable sum to be allowed 011 account of such
estate, and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited i11 court
for him, as the case may requir .. e. . ·

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007530

1374. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as provided in the last
Section, at or before a judgment of sale is rendered, the court must ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be allowed on account of such
estate, and must order the same to be paid to such party, or deposited in court
for him or her as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012920

3549. Id. If consent not given, fixed by court. If such consent be not given,
filed, and entered, as provided in the last section, at or before a judgment of
sale is rendered, the court must ascertain and determine what proportion of the
proceeds of the sale, after deducting expenses, will be a just and reasonable
sum to be allowed on account of such estate, and must order the same to be paid
to such party, or deposited in the court for him, as the case may require. [C.
L.

-----------------------------------------------


