Exemplar: CA1872-008820
Earliest: CA1872-008820
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 2469

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-008820

1115. When an elector contests the right of any person declared elected to such
office, he must, within forty days after the return day of the election, file
with the County Clerk a written statement, setting forth specihmlly: 1. The
name of the party contesting such election, and that he is an elector of the
district, county, or township, as the case may be, in which such election was
held; 2. The name of the person whose right to the oiiice is contested; 3. The
office; 4. The particular grounds of such contest; —Which statement must be
verified by the affidavit of the contesting party that the matters and things
therein contained are true.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-011760

1115. When an elector contests the right of any per son declared elected to such
office, he must, within forty days after the return day of the election, file
with the county clerk a written statement, setting forth specific ally: 1. The
name of the party contesting such election, and that he is an elector of the
district, county, or township, as the case may be, in which such election was
held; 2. The name of the person whose right to the office is contested; 3. The
office; Code Civ. Pkoo.—38. 4. The particular grounds of such contest. Which
statement must be verified by the affidavit of the contesting party, that the
matters and things therein con tained are true. Elector—43 Cal. 229. Within
forty days—31 CaL 261. Statement of contestant—see sees. 1116, 1117; 30 Cal.
394; 43 CaL 229.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-008190

762. When an elector contests the right of any person declared elected to such
office, he must, within forty day's after the return day of the election, file
with the Probate Court a written statement, setting forth specifically: 1. The
name of the party contesting such election, and that he is an elector of the
district, county, or precinct, as the case may be, in which such election was
held: 2. The name of the person whose right to the oiiice is contested: 3. The
oliice; 4. The particular grounds of such contest; ——Which statement must be
verified by the affidavit of the contleésting party that the matters and things
therein contain are true.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-007390

997. Wlhn an elector contests the right of' any Person declared elected to such
office, he must, within forty days after the return (lay of the election, file
with the clerk of' the district court, of' the judicial district within which
such office is to be exercised, a written statement, setting forth specifically:
1. The name of the party contesting su('h election, and that lie is in elector
of the district, eounty, or precinct, as the mise may I)e, in which such
election was held; 2. Tle name of' the person whose right to the office is
contested; 3. 'rhie office; 4. The particular grounds of, such contest, which
statement must l)e verified by file affidavit of' the contesting party, that tie
matters aid things therein contained tire true.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-011230

2014. When an elector contests the right of any person declared elect­ ed to
such office, he must, within twenty days after the canvassers have made their
return of the election, file with the clerk of the District Court of the county
in which the contest arises a written statement, setting forth specific­ ally:
1. The name of the party contesting such election, and that he is an elec­ tor
of the district, county or township, as the case may be, in which such elec­
tion was held. 2. The name of the person whose right to the office is contested.
3. The office. 4- The particular grounds of such contest. Which statement must
be verified by the affidavit of the contesting party that the matters and things
therein contained are true.

-----------------------------------------------


