Exemplar: CA1851-002960
Earliest: CA1851-002960
Documents in cluster: 17
Cluster ID: 2061

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-002960

268. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and' tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown, who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-004870

4. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in common,
and all persons having any liens of record, by mortgage, judgment or otherwise,
upon the property or upon any particular portion thereof, and generally to all
persons unknown, who have or claim any interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-002900

268. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof ; and generally, to all persons unknown, who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007220

665. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having an interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, 11 on the propertv, or upon any particular
portion thereof; amf generall ‘, to all persons unknown, who have or claim any
interest in t e property.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007460

684. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in or any liens of record, by
mortgage, judgment or otherwise, u on the ropexlry, or upon any particular
portion thereof; an genera ly to -1 persons unknown, who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002710

270. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property or upon any particular
portion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim to have
any interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005400

496. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants
in common, and all persons having any interest, or any liens of record, by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof, and generally to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the property. '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-002730

268. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property, or upon auy particular
por­ tion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown, who have or claim aoy
interest in the property. Unknown and absent parties, service on.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-002960

270. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants, and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment,-or otherwise, upon the pr0perty. or upon any particular
portion thereof; and generally to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the prOperty.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-002910

268. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants, and tenants in
common, and, all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the rOpert , or upon any particular
portion thereof; and general y to al persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the prOperty. '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-005880

756. The summons must be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002210

270. The summons shall be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property or upon any particular
portion thereof; and, generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim to
have any interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-005780

552. The summons must be directed to all the joint-tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having an interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment, or otherwise upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008270

756. The summons must be directed to all the joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons having any interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judg ment, or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any par ticular
portion thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the property. Summons in partition—35 Cal. 587 : generally, sees.
405-416; and as to contents, see sec. 407 and note.'

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005340

491. The summons must be directed to all the; ‘joint tenants and tenants in
common, and all persons; raving any interest in, or any liens of record by mort-
T gage, Judgment, or otherwise upon the property, or upon any particular portion
thereof; and generally, to all persons unknown who have or claim any interest in
the property.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007260

1347. The summons must be directed to all the joint tenants and ten­ ants
in common, and all persons having an interest in, or any liens of record by
mortgage, judgment or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any particular
portion thereof, and generally to all persons unknown who have or claim any
interest in the property.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012590

3526. Summons, to whom directed. The summons must be directed to all the joint
tenants, tenants in common, and all persons having any interest iu, or lieus
of record by mortgage, judgment, or otherwise, upon the property, or upon any
particular portion thereof, and generally to all persons unknown who have or
claim any interest in the property. [C. L. § 3483. Cal. C. Civ. P. \ 756.

-----------------------------------------------


