Exemplar: AZ1887-004300
Earliest: CA1872-010960
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 1773

-----------------------------------------------

CA1872-010960

1396. When it is expressly provided in the will of a testator, that no bond is
required of the executor, letters testamentary may issue and salesof real estate
be made and connrmed without any bond being given; but an executor to Whom
letters are issued Without bond, may, at any time afterward (when it appears
from any cause necessary or proper), be required to file a bond as in other
cases.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-007390

136. When it is expressly provided in the will of a testator that no bond shall
be required of the executor, letters testamentary may issue wi11,, • ' ' bond
having been given; but an executor to whom IPI rers have been issued without
bond, may at any tfrne ~ftPrwards, whenever it may be shown from any cause to be
necessary and proper, be required to ap­ pear and file a bond as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-014540

1396. When it is expressly provided in the will that no bond shall be required
of the executor, letters testa mentary may issue, and sales of real estate be
made and confirmed without any bond, unless the court, for good cause, require
one to be executed; but the executor may at any time afterward, if it appear
from any cause nec essary or proper, be required to file a bond, as in other
cases. [In effect July 1st, 1874.] Bond subsequently required — sec. 1401 not in
conflict with this

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-004300

79. When it is expressly provided in the will that no bond shall be required of
the executor, letters testamentary may issue, and sales of real estate be made
and confirmed without any bond, unless the court, for good cause, require one to
be executed; but the executor may at any time afterwards, if it appear from any
cause necessary or proper, be required to file a bond, as in other cases. '

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-010710

5733. When it is expressly provided m the will that no. bond shall be required
of the executor; letters tes.tamentary may, issue and sales of real es.tate be
made and confirmed without any bond, unless the court, for good cause, require
011e to be executed; but the executor may, at any t1111e afterward, if it
appears from any cause necessar .. y or proper, be requir .. ed to file a bond
as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-013680

2479. When it is expressly provided in the will that no bond shall be required
of the executor, letters testamentary may issue, and sales of real estate be
made and confirmed without any bond, unless the court or judge, for good cause,
require one to be executed; but the executor may at any time afterward, if it
appear from any cause necessary or proper, be required to file a bond, as in
other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


