Exemplar: CA1851-000290
Earliest: CA1851-000290
Documents in cluster: 18
Cluster ID: 2007

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-000290

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint, shall be as follows: . 1st. If the defendant is served within the
County in which the action is brought, ten days: 2d. If the defendant is served
out of the County, but in the District in which the action is brought, twenty
days: 3d. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-000290

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to. answer the
complaint, shall be as follows : 1st. If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d. If the defendant is served
out of the county, but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-000270

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows: First. If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. Second. If the defendant is
served out of the county, but in the district in which the action is brought,
twenty days. Third. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-000290

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows: First. If the defendant is served within the
count in which the action is brought, twenty days. Second. I the defendant is
served out of the county, but in the district in which the action is brought,
thirty days. Third. In all other cases, forty da s.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-000260

25. The time Ain'which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint, shall be as‘follows; 1st. If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, twenty days. 2d. If the defendant is
served out of the county, but in the district in which the action is brought,
thirty days. 3d. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-000290

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint, shall be as follows: First. If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. Second. If the defendant is
served ont of the county. but in the district in which the action is brought,
twenty days. Third. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-000290

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows : ’First—If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. Second—If the defendant is
served out of the county, but in the District in which the action is brought,
twenty days.. Third—In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-000270

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows: First—If the defendant is served 'thu the County
in which the action is’brought, ten days. Second—if the defendant is served out
of the County, but in the District in which the action is brought, twenty days.
‘ Third—In all other cases, r forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-000310

25. The time in which the summons shall require the defend ant to answer the
complaint, shall be as follows: 1st. If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, twenty days. 2d. If the defendant is
served out of the county, but in the district in which the action is brought,
thirty days. 3d. In all other cases, forty days.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000350

32. The time in which the summons shall‘?equire the defendant to answer the
complaint shall ‘be as follows: Ist, If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the county but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. '

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000260

36. (32.) The time in whicn the summons shall require the defend ant to answer
the complaint shall be as follows: 1st, If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the county but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. See an. 2)-21, ch. 41, General
Statutos, as to service in forcible entry and detalncr. [Notice inserted in
snnun0ns—ContentsJ

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000360

36. (32.) The time in Whicn the summons shall require the defend ant to answer
the complaint shall be as follows: 1st, If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the county but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. See us. 2)-21. ch. 41, General
Statutes, as to service In forcible entry and detalner. [Notice inserted in
summons-Contents]

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000420

36. (32.) The time in whicn the summons shall require the defend ant to answer
the complaint shall be as follows: 1st, If the defendant is served Within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the county but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. See ss. 2)-21, ch. 41, General
Statutes, as to service in forcible entry and detalner. [Notice inserted in
summons—Cout/ents.]

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000460

36. (32.) The time in whicn the summons shall require the defend ant to answer
the complaint shall be as follows: 1st, If the defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the county but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. See as. 23-21, ch. 4.1, General
Statutes, as to service in lorclbie entry and detslner.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000520

36. (32.) The time in whicn the summons shall r uire the defend ant to answer
the complaint shall he as follows: 1st, If tie defendant is served within the
county in which the action is brought, ten days. 2d, If the defendant is served
out of the countv but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty
days. 3d, For all other cases, forty days. See an. It-21, ch. 4!. General
Statutes, as to service in forcible entry and detainer. [Notice Inserted in
summons-—Contents.]

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-000550

48. The time in which summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows: — 1. If the defendant is served within the county
in which the action is brought, ten days. 2. If the defendant is served out of
the county, but in the district in which the action is brought, twenty days. 3.
In all other cases, tlz-my days.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-008180

22. The time in which the summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows :— lst. If the defendant is served in the precinct
in which the action is brought — five days. 2d. If served without the precinct,
but in the county —ten days. 3d. If served out of the county — fifteen days.
4th. In all other cases --twenty days.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-000510

108.) The time in which summons shall require the defendant to answer the
complaint shall be as follows : 1. If the defendant is served within the county
in which the action is brought, twenty days. 2. In all other cases, thirty days.

-----------------------------------------------


