Exemplar: NV1869-004950
Earliest: CA1851-005240
Documents in cluster: 25
Cluster ID: 10836

-----------------------------------------------

CA1851-005240

469. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory; the alter- native writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to : whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately aRer the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the Court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded shall be omitted, and a
return day shall be inserted. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-005160

469. The writ shall be tiehr alternative or premptory; the alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded, shall be omitted, and a.
return day shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-004640

416. he writ shall be either alternative or peremptory: . the alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against1 the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party,i immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to s ow cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
eremptory writ shall be in similar form, except that the wor s requiring the
arty to show cause why he has not done as commanded sha 1 be omitted, and a
return dav shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-004770

427. The writ shall be either alternative or eremptory; the alternative writ
shall state generally the a e tion against the party to whom it is directed, and
eomman such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some other
eciiied time, to do the act required to be erformed, or to s ow cause before
the court, at a specific time and place, why he has not done so. The eremptory
writ shall be in similar form, exce t that the wo s requiring the party to show
cause why he not done as commanded shal be omitted, and a return day shall be
inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004720

471. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory; the alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specihed time and place, Why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words'requiring the
party to show cause why he has not doge as commanded shall be omitted, and a
return day shall be inserte .

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-004250

385. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court at a specified time and place why he has not done so. The
peremp- i tory writ shall be similar in form, except the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded shall be omitted and a
return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004700

469. The writ shall hEl either alternative or peremptory ; the alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why be has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded shall be omitted, and a
return day shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-004950

449. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the Court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring
the party to show cause why he has not done ascommanded shall be omitted, and a
return day shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-004890

447. The wnt shall be either alternative or eremptory. The alternative writ
shall state generally the egation against the party to whom it is directed, and
command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some other
specified time, do the act required to be performed, or to show cause before the
Court, at a Specined time and place, why he has not done so. The peremptory writ
shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the party to show
cause why he has not done as commanded, shall be omitted, and a return day shall
be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-008610

1087. The writ may be either alterna tive or peremptory. The alternative writ
must state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately aRer the receipt of the writ, or at some
other speciiied time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the Court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded must be omitted, and a
return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-008730

1104. The writ must be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ
must state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party to desist or refrain from further proceedings_in the
action or matter specified therein, until the further order of the Court from
which it is issued, and to show cause before such Court, at a specified time
and place, why such party should not be absolutely restrained from any further
proceedings in such action or matter. The peremptory writ must be in a similar
form, except that the words requiring the party to show cause why he should not
be absolutely restrained, etc., must be omitted and a return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-003700

471. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory; the alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the re ceipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the
party to show cause why he has not done as commanded shall be omitted, and a
return day shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003500

303. The writ shall be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ
shall state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, todo the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court or judge, at a specified time and place, why he has not done
so. The peremptory writ shall be in a similar form, except" that the words
requiring the party to show cause Why he has not done as commanded shall be
omitted, and a return’ ' day shall be inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-007300

697. The writ may be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ must
state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed, and
command such party, imme diately upon the receipt of the writ, or at some other
specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause before
the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The peremptory
writ must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the party to
show cause why he has not done the command, must be omitted, and a re turn day
inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-007430

710. The writ must be alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ must state
generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed, and command
such party to desist or refrain from further proceedings in the action or matter
specified there in, until further order of the court from which it is issued,
and to show cause before such court, at a specified time and place, why such
party should not be absolutely restrained from any further proceedings in such
action or matter. The peremptory writ must be in a similar form, except that
the words requiring the party to show cause why he should not be absolutely
restrained, etc., must be omitted and a return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-011490

1087. The writ may be either alternative or per emptory. The alternative writ
must state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ must be in a similar form, ex cept that the words requiring
the party to show cause why he has not done as commanded must be omitted, and a
return day inserted. Peremptory writ—without alternative, sec. 1088, and note.
Command such party—nature of directions, 6 Cal. 440; 33 CaL 487.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-011630

1104. The writ must be either alternative or peremp tory. The alternative writ
must state generally the alle gation against the party to whom it is directed,
and com mand such party to desist or refrain from further pro ceedings in the
action or matter specified therein, until the further order of the court from
which it is issued, and to show cause before such court, at a specified time
and place, why such party should not be absolutely restrained from any further
proceedings in such action or matter. The peremptory writ must be in a similar
form, except .1 should that thenot words be absolutely requiring the restrained,
party toetc., show must cause be omitted, why he • and a return day inserted.
Compare—sec. 1087, and notes.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-007950

740. The writ may e either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ must
state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed, and
command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ, or at some other
specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause before
the lourt, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The peremptory
writ must be in a similar forrn, except that the wor s requiring the party to
show cause why he has not done as commanded must be omitted, and a return day
inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-008080

753. The writ must be either alternative or peremptory. The alternative writ
must state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party to desist or refrain from further proceedings in the
action or matter specified therein, until the further order of the Court from
which it is issued, and to show cause before such Court, at a speciiied time
and place, why such party should not be absolutel y restrained from any further
proceedings in such action or matter. The peremptory writ must be in a similar
form, except that the words r uiring the party to show cause why he should not
be a solutely restrained, etc., must be omitted and a return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-008720

5519. The writ may be either alternative or peremptory, The alternative writ
must state generally the allegation against the pa~ty to whom it is .directed,
a11~ command Stich party, immediately upon the receipt of the writ, or at some
other speci­ fied time, to do the act required to be perf orrned, or to show
cause before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so.
The peremptory writ must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring
the party to show cause why he has not done the command, must be omitted, and a
return day inset .. ted.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-008830

5532. The writ must be alternative 01" peremptory. The alternative writ must
state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed, and
command such pa1 .. ty to desist or refrain from further proceedings in the
action or matter _spec~­ fled therein, until further order of the court from
which it is issued, and to show cause before such court, at a specified time
and place, why such party should not be absolutely restrained from any further
proceedings in such action or mat­ ter. The peremptory writ must be in a similar
form, except that the words requiring the party to show cause why he should not
be absolutely restrained. etc., must be omitted and a return day inserted. .

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-010950

1963. The writ may be either alternative or peremptory. The alterna­ tive writ
must state generally the allegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party, immediately after the receipt of the writ. or at some
other specified time, to do the act required to be performed, or to show cause
before the court, at a specified time and place, why he has not done so. The
peremptory writ must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring
the party to show cause why he has not done as commanded must be omitted and a
return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-011090

1982. The writ must be either alternative or peremptory, The alter­ native writ
must state generally the aliegation against the party to whom it is directed,
and command such party to desist or refrain from further proceed­ ings in the
action or matter specified therein, until the further order of the court or
judge from which it is issued, and to show cause before such court or judge, at
a specified time and place, why such party should not be absolutely restrained
from any further proceedings in such action or matter. The per­ emptory writ
must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring the party to show
cause why he should not be absolutely restrained, etc., must be omitted, and a
return day inserted.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-014600

3643. Alternative or peremptory. Forms. The writ may be either alternative or
peremptory. The alternative writ must state generally the allegation against
the party to whom it is directed, and command such party, immediately after the
receipt of the writ, or at some other specified time, to do the act required
to be performed, or to show cause before the court, at a specified time and
place, why he has not done so. The peremptory writ must be in a similar form,
except that the words requiring the party to show cause why he has not done as
commanded must be omitted and a return day inserted. [G. L.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-014750

3656. Alternative or peremptory. Forms of. The writ must be either alternative
or peremptory. The alternative writ must state generally the allegation against
the party to whom it is directed, and command such party to desist or refrain
from further proceedings in the action or matter specified therein, until the
further order of the court or judge from which it is issued, and to show cause
before such court at a specified time and place, why such party should not be
absolutely restrained from any further proceedings in such action or matter.
The peremptory writ must be in a similar form, except that the words requiring
the party to show cause why he should not be absolutely restrained, etc., must
be omitted, and a return day inserted. [C. L. § 3745. Cal. C. Civ. P. j) 1101.
discretionary with the court. People, ex rel. Jones, Length of time between
service and hearing is v. House, 4 U. 382; 10 P. 843.

-----------------------------------------------


