Exemplar: NE1855-004560
Earliest: IA1851-004560
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 10191

-----------------------------------------------

IA1851-004560

1974. Appeals are taken by the service of a notice in writing on the adverse
party, his agent, or attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the
proceedings were had stating the appeal from the same or some specific part
thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-005440

556. After the close of the term at which the judg-. ment is rendered, an appeal
may be taken by the service of a notice in writing on the adverse party or his
attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the proceedings were had,
stating the appeal from the judgment, or some specific part thereof; or such
appeals may be taken by procuring from the clerk of the court a transcript of
the record, and proceeding in the suit, or so much thereof as is embraced in the
appeal, and. filing the same in the oiiice of the clerk of the supreme court,
who shall indorse thereon the time of filing, and issue a notice of the appeal
to the appellee.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1855-004560

1974. Appeals are taken by the service of a notice in writing on the adverse
party, his agent, or attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the
proceedings were had stating the appeal from the same or some specific part
thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1857-005360

2. Appeals are taken by the service of notice in writing on the adverse party,
his agent or attorney, and also on the clerk of the court or justice of the
peace before whom the proceedings was had stating the appeal from the judgment
of the court, or some specific part thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1857-005210

1. Appeals hereafter to be tried must be taken within one month from the time
judgment is rendered by service of notice in writing on the advance [adverse]
party, his agent or attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the
proceedings were had, stating the appeal from the same or some specific part
thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-008520

895. An appeal is taken by the service of a notice, in writing, on the adverse
party, his agent, or any attorney, who ap­ peared for him in the case in the
District Court, and also upon the clerk of the Court wherein the proceedings
were had, stating the appeal from the same, or from some specific part thereof,
de­ fining such part.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-007490

675. A peals hereafter to be tried must be taken within one mont from the time
judgment is rendered, by service of notice in writing on the adverse party, his
agent or attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the proceedings
were had, stating the appeal from the same or some specific part thereof

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-007350

709. Appeals hereafter to be tried must be taken within one month from the time
judgment is rendered, by service of notice, in writing, on the adverse party,
his agent or attorney, and also the clerk of the court in which the proceedings
were bad, stating the appeal from the same, or some specilic'part thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-003760

16. After the close of the term at which the judgment is rendered, an appeal
may be taken by the service of a notice in writing, on the adverse party or his
attorney, and also on the clerk of the court in which the proceedings were had,
stating the appeal from the judgment or some specific part thereof: or such
appeals may be taken by procuring from the clerk of the court a transcript of
the record and proceeding in the suit, or so much thereof as is embraced in the
appeal. and filing the same in the office of the clerk of the Supreme Court, who
shall endorse thereon the time of filing, and issue a notice of the appeal to
the appellate. \

-----------------------------------------------


