Exemplar: DC1857-006050
Earliest: IN1852-006590
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 3506

-----------------------------------------------

IN1852-006590

674. When any action is brought against two or more defendants upon a contract,
any one or more of the defendants being surety for the others. the surety may,
upon a written comp aim to the court, cause the question of suretyship to be
tried and determined, upon the issue made by the parties, at the trial of ‘the
cause, or at any time before or after the trial, or at a subsequent term; but
such proceedings shall not affect the proceedings of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-006590

570. When any suit is brought against two or more defendants upon a contract,
any one or more of the defendants being surety for the others, the surety may,
upon a written complaint to the Court, cause the question of suretyship to be
tried and determined upon the issue made for the parties defendant, at the trial
of the cause, or at any time before or after the trial, or at a subsequent term;
but such proceedings shall not delay the suit of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-004630

428. When any action is brought against two or more defendants upon a contract,
any one or "more of the defendants being surety for the Others, the Surety may,
upon a Written complaint to the court, cause the question of securityship to be
tried, and determined upon the issues made by the parties at the trial of the
cause, or at any time before or after the trial. 01‘.at a subsequent term, but
such proceedings» shall not adect the proceedings of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-006050

3. When any action is brought against two or more defendants on a contract, any
one or more of the defendants being surety for the others, the surety may, upon
a written complaint to the court, cause the question of suretyship to be tried
and determined, upon the issue made by the parties, at the trial of the cause,
or at any time before or after the trial, or at a subsequent term; but such
proceedings shall not affect the proceedings of the plaintifff'.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-005100

467. When any action is brought against two or more defendants upon a contract,
any one or more of the defendants being surety for the others, the surety may,
upon a written complaint to the court, cause the question of se­ curityship to
be tried and determined upon the issues made by the parties at the trial of the
cause, or at any time before or after the trial, or at a subsequent term, but
such proceed­ ings shall not affect the proceedings of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-008220

3. When an action is brought against two or more defendants upon a contract,any
one or more of the defendants being surety for the others, {he surety may, upon
a written complaint to the court, cause the question of suretyship to be tried
and determined upon the issue made by the parties at trial of the cause, or at
any time before or after the trial, or at a subsequent term; but such proceeding
shall not effect the proceedings of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


