Exemplar: OK1891-007910
Earliest: IN1843-020740
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 16677

-----------------------------------------------

IN1843-020740

Writs of prohibition may issue from the Sl1PF°m° .18 court, or any circuit
court of this state; but such writ shall 155"?‘ ssential to S110 :31}, from the
supreme court only when the same is e court in the exercise of its jurisdiction
and powers, and no other court can ‘take cognizance of the subject matter
thereof. Sizer. 80. Such writs shall be applied for upon aiiidavits, by motion,
and shall be issuable and returnable in like manner as writs of mandamus. SECT.
8]. The writ shall command the court and party to whom it shall be directed to
desist and refrain from any further proceedings in the suit or matter therein
specified, until the return of the writ and the further order of the court
granting the writ thereon; and upon such return, to show cause why they shall
not be absolutely restrained from any further proceedings in such suit or
matter.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-007300

746. The writ o prohibition shall command the court and party to whom it shall
be directed to refrain from any further proceedings in the‘ matter therein
specified, until the return of the writ and the further order of the court
thereon; and u on the return, to show cause why they shall not be absolute y
restrained from any further proceedings in the matter.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-005020

465. The writ of prohibition shall command the court and party 130 Whom it
shall be directed, to refrain from any further proceedings in the matter therein
specified, until the return of the writ, and the further order of the court
thereon, and upon the return, to show cause why they shall not be absolutely
restrained from any further proceedings in the matter.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-006480

11. The writ of prohibition shall command the court and party to whom it shall
be directed to refrain from any further pro­ ceedings in the matter therein
specified, until the return of the writ and the further order of the court
thereon ; and upon the return to show cause why they shall not be absolutely
restrained from any further proceedings in the matter. The court shall render
judgment. either that a prohibition absolute, restraining the court and party
from proceeding in the matter, do issue, or authorizing the court and party to
proceed in the matter in question.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-005480

504. The writ of prohibition shall command the court and party to whom it shall
be directed, to refrain from any further proceedings in the matter therein
specified, until the return of the writ and the further order of the court
there­ on, and n!)on the return. to show cause why they shall not be absolutely
restrained from any further proceedings in the matter.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-007910

9. The writ of prohibition shall command the court and party to whom it shall
be directed, to refrain from any further proceedings in the matter therein
specified until the return of the writ and the further order of the court
thereon,'and upon the return, to show cause why they shall not be absolutely
restrained from any further proceedings in the matter.

-----------------------------------------------


