Exemplar: KY1851-001110
Earliest: KY1851-001110
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 7395

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-001110

100. The summons may be served 1. By the officer to whom it is dineeted, or'any
otii~ cer to whom it might have been directed, whose return thereon shall be
proof of the time and manner of serVice. 2. By any person appointed by the
officer to whom the same is directed, by an indorsement on the summons, whose
affidavit indorsed thereon shall be proof of the time and manner of service. ,

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-000870

73. The summons may be served 1. By the officer to whom it is directed, or any
offi­ cer to whom it might have been directed, whose return thereon shall be
proof of the time and manner of ser­ vice. 2. By any person appointed by the
officer to whom the same is directed, by an indorsement on the summons, whose
affidavit indorsed thereon shall be proof of the time and manner of service.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-000820

73. By whom a summons may he served. The summons may be served: 1. By the
officer to whom it is directed,1 or by any officer to ■whom it might have been
directed, whose return thereon shall be proof of the time and manner of the
service. 2. By any person appointed by the officer to whom the same is directed,
by an indorsement on the summons, whose affida vit, indorsed thereon, shall be
proof of the time and manner of service. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-000880

65. The summons may be served: First. By the oiiicer to whom it is directed,
unless he is a party to the suit, or unless the plaintifff or his agent or
attorney files with the clerk an aihdavit to the effect that the obtaining of
a sheriff or deputy to serve the summons, will occasion such delay as to render
it probable that the same cannot be served in time. In which cases the summons
may be served by a jailor, coroner or constable. Provided, That the clerk shall
endorse upon such summons, that the same may served by such oiiicer, and the
return of such officer shall be evidence of the service to the same extent as if
made by the sheriff. Second. By any person appointed by the officer to whom the
same is directed, by an indorsement on the summons, Whose atiidavit, indorsed
thereon, shall be proof of the time and manner of service.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-000680

4511. The summons may be served: First. By the officer to whom it is directed,
unless he is a party to the suit, or unless the plaintifff, or his agent or
attorney, files with the clerk an affidavit to the effect that the obtaining of
a. sheriff or deputy to serve the summons will occasion such delay as to render
it probable that the same cannot be served in time. In which case the summons
may be served by a jailer, coroner or constable: Provided, That the clerk shall
indorse upon such summons, that the same may be served by such officer, and the
return of such officer shall be evidence of the service to the same extent as if
made by the sheriff. Second. By any person appointed by the officer to whom the
same is directed, by an indorsement on the summons, whose aliidavit, indorsed
thereon, shall be proof of the time and manner of service. Third. By any person
not a party to the action, in all a.ctions arising on contract for the recovery
of money only, whose afhdavit, indorsed thereon, shall be proof of the time and
manner of service. See. 4512. The serviceshall be: First. By delivering to the
defendant a copy of the summons; or, Second. If he refuses to receive it, by
offering a copy thereof to him; or, Th-ird. By leaving 3a copy of such summons
at the usual place of abode of the defendant, with some person who is a member
of his family, over the age of fifteen years.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-000660

4975. The summons may be served : First. By the officer to whom it is directed,
unless he is a party to the suit, or unless the plaintifff, or his agent or
attorney, files with the clerk an affidavit to the effect that the obtaining of
a sheriff or deputy to serve the summons will occasion such delay as to render
it probable that the same can not be served in time ; in which case the summons
may be served by a jailer, coroner or con stable. Provided, that the clerk shall
indorse upon such summons, that the (*) A summons Is not subject to demurrer.
If so fatally defective as not to be amendable, It may be quashed on motion.
Flyrm v. Stale, 42—315. same may be served by such officer, and the return of
such officer shall be evi. dence of the service to the same extent as if made by
the sheriff Second. By any person appointed by the officer to whom the same is
directed, by an indorsement on the summons, whose affidavit, indorsed thereon,
shall be proof of the time and manner of service. Third. By any person not a
party to the action, in all actions arising on contract for the recovery of
money only, whose affidavit, indorsed thereon, shall be proof of the time and
manner of service (q).

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-000540

47 [73]. By whom summons may be served. The summons may be served— 1. By the
officer to whom it is directed, or any officer to whom it might have been
directed, and his return thereon shall be proof of the time and manner of
service. 2. By any person appointed by the officer to whom it is directed, by an
indorsement on the summons ; and the affidavit of such person indorsed thereon
shall be proof of the time and manner of service. ( What officers may serve,
sec. 667 ; court may appoint person, sec.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-000650

5665. The summons may be served : First. By the officer to whom it is directed,
unless he is a party to the suit, or unless the plaintifff, or his agent or
attorney, files with the clerk an affi davit to the effect that the obtaining of
a sheriff or deputy to serve the summons will occasion such delay as to render
it probable that the same can not be served in time ; in which case the summons
may be served by a jailer, coroner or con stable. Provided, the clerk shall
indorse upon such summons, that the same may be served by such officer, and the
return of such officer shall be evidence of the service to the same extent as if
made by the sheriff. Second. By any person appointed by the officer to whom the
same is directed, by an indorsement on the summons, whose affidavit, indorsed
thereon, shall be proof of the time and manner of service. Third. By any person
not a party to the action, in all actions arising on contract for the recovery
of money only, whose affidavit, indorsed thereon, shall be proof of the time and
manner of service (x).

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-000490

47 [73]- Who to serve summons. —The summons may be served— 1. By the officer to
whom it is directed, or any officer to whom it might have been directed (a), and
his return thereon shall be proof of the time and manner of service (d). 2. By
any person appointed by the officer to whom it is directed, by an indorsement
on the summons (r) ; and the affidavit of such person indorsed thereon shall be
proof of the time and manner of service.

-----------------------------------------------


