Exemplar: KY1851-001030
Earliest: KY1851-001030
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 7393

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-001030

93. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, or, at the
request of the plaintifff, to the jailer, coroner, or a constable, and command
him to summon the defendant or defendants named. therein, to answer the petition
filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at a time stated therein, under the
penalty of the petition being taken for confessed, or of the defendant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The summons
shall be dated the day it is issued, and signed by the clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-000800

66. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, or, at the
request of the plaintifff to the jailer, cor­ oner, or a constable, and command
him to summon the de­ fendant or defendants named therein, to answer the peti­
tion filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at a time sta­ ted therein, under
the penalty of the petition being taken for confessed, or of the defendant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The sum­ mons
shall be dated the day it is issued, and signed by the clerk. ·

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-000750

66. Form and requisites of a summons. The summons' shall be directed to the
sheriff3 of the county, or, at the request of the plaintifff, to the jailor,
coroner, or constable, and command him to summon the defendant or defendants
named therein, to answer . the petition filed, by the plaintifff, giving his
name, at the time stated therein, under the penalty of the petition being taken
for confessed, or of the defendant being proceeded against for contempt of court
on his failure to do so. The summons shall be dated the day it is issued and
signed by the clerk. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-000800

59. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, and command him
to summon the defendant, or defendants, named therein, to answer the complaint
filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at the time stated therein, under the
penalty of the complaint being taken for confessed, or of the defendant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The summons
shall be dated upon the daypit is issued, and signed by the clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-000610

4504. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, and command
him to summon the defendant or defendants named therein, to answer the complaint
filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at the time stated therein, under the
penalty of the complaint being taken for confessed, or of the defendant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The summons
shall be dated-the day it is issued, and signed by the clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-000590

4968. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, ahd command
him to summon the defendant or defendants named therein to answer the complaint
filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at the time stated therein, under the
penalty of the complaint being taken for confessed, or of the defendant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The summons
shall be dated the day it is issued, and signed by the clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-000460

40 [66]. Form and requisites of summons. The summons shall command the officer
to whom it is directed to summon the defendant named therein, to answer the
petition filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at a time stated therein,
under the penalty of the petition being taken for confessed, or of the defendant
being pro ceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The
summons shall be dated the day it is issued and be signed by the clerk. (Form of
page 4.02; to whom directed, sec. 667.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-000580

565S. The summons shall be directed to the sheriff of the county, and command
him to summon the defendant or defendants named therein to answer the complaint
filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at the time stated therein, under the
penalty of the complaint being taken for confessed, or of the defend ant being
proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to do so. The summons
shall be dated the day it is issued, and signed by the clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-000420

40 [66]. Form and requisites of summons. —The summons (a) shall command the
officer to whom it is directed (d) to summon the defendant named therein (c),
to answer the petition (d) filed by the plaintifff, giving his name, at a time
stated therein, under the penalty of the petition being taken for confessed, or
of the defendant being proceeded against for contempt of court on his failure to
do so. The summons shall be dated the day it is issued (e) and be signed by the
clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


