Exemplar: KY1851-007230
Earliest: KY1851-007230
Documents in cluster: 7
Cluster ID: 7557

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-007230

668. Where by the provisions of Title 1 an action commenced in the Jefferson
circuit court by ordinary proceedings, is changed into equitable proceedings,
the court shall order it to be transferred to the Louisville chancery court.
Whereupon, the papers in the action, with a copy of the order for its transfer,
shall be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the chancer‘y court, who shall
place the case upon the docket of that court, and the action shall proceed as if
originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-007310

675. Where by the provisions of Title 1 an action commenced in the *Louisville
chancery court by equitable proceedings,is changed into ordinary proceedings,
the court shall order it to be transferred to the Jefferson circuit court;
whereupon, the papers in the action, with a certified copy of the order for its
transfer, shall be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the Jefferson circuit
court, who shall place the case upon the docket of that court, and the action
shall proceed asif originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-007840

769. Whei·e by the provisions of title 1 an action com­ menced in the Jefferson
circuit court by ordinary proceed­ ings, is changed into equitable proceedings,
the court shall order it to be transferred to the Louisville chancery court.
Whereupon, the papers in the action, with a copy of the order for its transfer,
shall be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the chancery court, who shall
place the case upon ».oco~at "1-d ~n shall proceed as if originally b~;gl:t
therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-007910

776. Where by the provisions of title 1 an action com­ menced in the Louisville
chancery court by equitable pro­ ceedings, is changed into ordinary proceedings,
the court shall order it to be transferred to the Jefferson circuit court; -
whereupon, the papers in the action, with a certified copy of the order for its
transfer, shall be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the Jefferson circuit
court, who shall place the case upon the docket of that court, and the action
shall proceed ns if originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-008260

769. flow cases transferred from Jefferson circuit to Louis ville chancery court
Where, by the provisions of title one, an ac tion commenced in the Jefferson
circuit court, by ordinary proceed ings, is changed into equitable proceedings,
the court shall order it to be transferred to the Louisville chancery court.
Whereupon, the papers in the action, with a copy of the order for its transfer,
shall be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the chancery court, who shall
place the case upon the docket of that court, and the action shall proceed as if
originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-008330

776. Certain actions transferred to the Jefferson circuit court Where, by the
provisions of title one, an action commenced in the Louisville chancery court,
by equitable proceedings, is changed into ordinary proceedings, the court shall
order it to be transferred to the Jefferson circuit court ; whereupon, the
papers in the action, ■with a certified copy of the order for its transfer shall
be delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the Jefferson circuit court, who shall
place the case upon the docket of that court, and the action shall proceed as if
originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-009200

799. When, by the provisions of Title I, an action commenced in the Pulaski
Circuit Court by proceeding at law, is changed into equitable proceedings, the
court shall order it to be transfered to the Pulaski Chancery Court. Whereupon,
the papers in the action, with a copy of the orders in the case shall be
delivered by the clerk to the clerk of the Chancery court, who shall place
the case upon the docket of that court, and the action shall proceed as if
originally brought therein.

-----------------------------------------------


