Exemplar: AR1884-002990
Earliest: KY1851-006390
Documents in cluster: 7
Cluster ID: 1494

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-006390

589. The notices mentioned in this code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, jailer, coroner, or marshal of a town or city, whose
return thereon shall be proof of the service. Notices may also be served by any
person not a party or interested in the action or proceeding, whose affidavit
shall beproof of the service.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-007050

692. The notices mentioned in this Code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, jailer, oor­ oner, or marshal of a town or city, whose
return thereon shall be proof of the service. Notices may also be served by any
person not a party or interested in the action or pro­ ceeding, whose affidavit
shall be proof of the service.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-007460

692. Notices must be in writing—by whom served. The notices mentioned in this
code shall be in writing, and may be served by a sheriff, constable, jailor,
coroner, or marshal of a town or city, whose return thereon shall be proof of
the service. Notices may also be served by any person not a party or interested
in the action or proceeding, whose affidavit shall be proof of the service.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-008130

706. The notices mentioned in this Code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, coroner, or marshal of a town or city, whose return
thereon shall beproof of the service. Notices may also be served by any person
not a party, or interested in the action or proceeding, whose aiiidavit shall be
proof of the service, or by acknowledgment thereon in writing by the party upon
whom served.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-002970

4742. The notices mentioned in the Code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, coroner or marshal of a .town or city, whose return
thereon shall be proof of the service. .\'otices may also be served by any
person not a party or interested in the action or proceeding, whose affidavit
shall be proof of the service, or by acknowledgment thereon in writing by the
party upon whom served. .

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-002990

5205. The notices mentioned in the code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, coroner or marshal of a town or city, whose return
thereon shall be proof of the service. Notices may also be served by any person
not a party or interested in the action or proceeding, whose affidavit shall be
proof of the service, or by acknowledgment thereon in writing by the party upon
whom served.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-002910

5890. The notices mentioned in the code shall be in writing, and may be served
by a sheriff, constable, coroner or marshal of a town or city, whose return
thereon shall be proof of the service. Notices may also be served by any person
not a party or interested in the action or proceeding, whose affidavit shall be
proof of the service, or by acknowledgment thereon in writing by the party upon
whom served.

-----------------------------------------------


