Exemplar: KY1867-005440
Earliest: KY1854-005170
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 7800

-----------------------------------------------

KY1854-005170

503. The sheriff or other officer, shall give to the de­ fendants notice,
according to the directions of the warrant, which notice shall be given to each
defendant ; and no in­ quiry. shall be made against any defendant who has not
been no~e_d as afores~~d. If, however, the notice ~as been giveu;' b~t not:
three days before the day of the meeting of the ~i the inquest shall, on his
motion, be adjourned until the 8¥iration of the three days. .

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-005440

503. How notice to be given. The sheriff, or other officer, shall give to the
defendants notice, according to the directions of the warrant, which notice
shall be given to each defendant ; and no inquiry shall be made against any
defendant who has not been noti fied as aforesaid. If, however, the notice has
been given, but not three days before the day of the meeting of the jury, the
inquest shall, on his motion, be adjourned until the expiration of the three
days.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-005820

498. The sheriff, or other officer, shall give to the defendants notice,
according to the direction of the warrant, which notice shall be given to each
defendant; and no inquest County : shall be made against any defendant who has
not been notified . as aforesaid. If, however, the notice has been given, but
not three days before the meeting of the jury, the inquest shall, on his motion,
be adjourned until the expiration of the three days.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-005020

455 [503]. How warrant executed. The officer shall give to each defendant
notice, according to the directions of the warrant, and no inquiry shall be made
against any defendant who has not been notified as aforesaid. If, however, the
notice have been given to a defendant, but not three days before the day of the
meeting of the jury, the inquest shall, on his motion, be adjourned until the
expiration of the three days. (Service of notice if defendant can not be found,
sec Gen. Stat., chap. 66, art. 6, sec. 4; and sec. 625)

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-004650

455 [503]. Notice of wan-ant. —The officer shall give to each de fendant notice,
according to the directions of the warrant, and no inquiry shall be made against
any defendant who has not been notified as aforesaid. If, however, the notice
have been given to a defendant, but not three days before the day of the meeting
of the jury, the inquest shall, on his motion, be adjourned until the expiration
of the three days.

-----------------------------------------------


