Exemplar: UT1859-004330
Earliest: KY1851-000620
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 19651

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-000620

55. When a cause of action has arisen in another state or country, between
residents of such state or. country, and by the laws thereof an action cannot be
maintained thereon by reason of the lapse of time, no action can be maintained
thereon in‘this state. .

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-000290

22. Where the cause of action has arisen in another State or country between
non-residents of this State, and by the laws of the State or country where
the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of
lsapse of time, no action can be maintained thereon in this tate.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-007630

24. When the cause of action has arisen in another state, territory or country,
between non-residents of this territory, and by the la, s of the state,
territory or country where the cause of action arose, an action cannot be
maintained thereon by reason of the lapse of time, no action shall be maintained
thereon in this territory.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-004670

17. Where the cause of action has arisen in another country or State between
non-residents of this District, and by the laws of the country or State where
the cause of action arose an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of
the Iapse of time, no action shall be maintained thereon in this District.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-004330

388. When the cause of action has arisen in another state, territory, or
country, and by the laws of the state, territory, or country where the cause of
action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of the lapse of
time, no action shall be maintained thereon in this territory.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-000350

29. Where the cause of action has arisen in another state or country, between
non-residents of this Territory, and, by the laws of the state or country where
the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of
lapse of time, no action can be maintained thereon in this Territory.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-000290

21. Where the cause of action has arisen in another state or country between
non-residents of this territory,' and by the laws of the state or country where
the cause of action arose, an action can not be maintained thereon by reason of
lapse of time, no action can be maintained thereon in this territory.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-000270

26. When the cause of action has arisen in another state, territory or country,
between non-residents of this state, and by the laws of the state, territory or
country where the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon
by reason of the lapse of time, no action shall he maintained thereon in this
state..‘

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-000250

19. Where the cause of action has arisen in another state or country between
non-residents of this territory and by the laws of the state or country where
the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of
lapse of time, no action can be maintained thereon in this territory.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-000220

22. Where the cause of action has arisen in another state or country, between
non-residents of this state, and, by the laws of the state or country where
the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon, by reason of
lapse of time, no action can be maintained there­ on in this state.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-000360

35. When the cause of ar-tion has arisen · in an­ other state, territory or
country between non-residents of this Territory, and by the laws of the state,
territory or country where the cause of action arose, an action cannot be main­
tained thereon by reason of the lapse of time, no action shall be maintained
thereon in this Territory.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-000370

26. [26.] When the cause of action has arisen in another state, territory or
country, between non-residents of this state, and by the laws of the state,
territory, or country where the cause of action arose, an action can not be
maintained thereon by reason of the lapse of time, no action shall be maintained
thereon in this state. statutes of 1imitaand that the maker was and has ever
tion. —\Vhen a debt is contracted Foreign since been a. rcsident of said state:
in another state by a person who Crmqford v. Roberts, 8 Id. 324. afterwards
removes to this state, the \Vhere by way of answer this statute statute of
limitations begins to run is set up, the plaintiﬂ"s reply in the against the
debt at the time when the words, “ But whether defendant was cause of action
accrued Where the at the time a non-resident of this debt was created, and not
at the time state, plaintiff has no knowledge or of the debtor's arrival in this
state: information thereof suﬂicient to form .d["C0r1m'cL‘ v. Blanchard, 7 Or.
232. a belief, and thereforee denies said al legation," sutﬁcieutly denies the
al tions in force in another state in bar legation of non-residence to raise
the In pleading the statute of limita of an action, it must be averrcd that
the cause of action arose in that state and was between non-residents of issue:
Slmvrum v. Osborn, 8 Id. 66. action was made in such other state, Dec. 362. For
a full discussion of the law concerning demands barred by stat Oregon. It is not
enough to allege utes of states where they origmated, that the note which was
the cause of see note to Bulger v. Roclu, 22 Am._

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-000300

11. Where the cause of action has arisen in another. state or country, between
non-residents of this Territory, and, by the laws of the state or country where
the cause of action arose, an action cannot be maintained thereon by reason of
lapse of time, no action maintained thereon in this Territory;* [and no action
shall be maintained in this Territory on any judgment or decree rendered in
another state or country against a resident of this Territory, where the cause
of action upon which such judgment or decree was rendered could not have been
maintained in this Territory at the time the action thereon was commenced in
such other state or country, by reason of lapse of time.]

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-000260

24. When the cause of action has arisen in any State, Territory, or country
between nonresidents of this district, and by the laws of the State, Territory,
or country where the cause of action arose an action can not be maintained
thereon by reason of the lapse of time, no action shall be maintained thereon in
this district.

-----------------------------------------------


