Exemplar: AR1868-003600
Earliest: KY1851-003510
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 1300

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-003510

322. The order of injunction shall be addressed to the party injoined, shall
state the injunction, and shall be dated and signed by the clerk. Where it is
issued at the commencement of the action, it shall be indorsed upon the summons,
and the copy thereof delivered to the sheriff. Where it is issued during the
litigation, it shall be delivered to him with as many copies thereof as there
are parties injoined. The sheriff shall forthwith serve it, by delivering a copy
to each party injoined, and make return thereof on the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-003240

310. The order of injunction shall be addressed to the party enjoined, shall
state the injunction, and shall be dated and signed by the clerk. Where it is
issued at the com­ meqeement of the action, it shall be indorsed upon the sum­
mons, and the copy thereof delivered to the sheriff. . Where it is issued during
the litigation, it shall be delivered to him with as many copies thereof as
there are parties enjoined. The sheriff shall forthwith serve it by delivering a
copy to each party enjoined, and make return thereof on the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-003310

310. By whom order issued and served. The order of in junction shall be
addressed to the party enjoined, shall state the injunction, and shall be dated
and signed by the clerk. Where it is issued at the commencement of the action,
it shall be indorsed upon the summons, and a copy thereof delivered to the
sheriff. Where it is issued during the litigation, it shall be delivered to him
with as many copies thereof as there are parties enjoined.1 The sheriff shall
forthwith serve it by delivering a copy to each party enjoined, and make return
thereof on the order. (Notes to 297.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-003600

305. The order of injunction shall be addressed to the party enjoined, shall
state the injunction, and shall be dated and signed‘ by the clerk. Where it is
issued at the commencement of the action, it shall be indorsed upon the summons,
and the copy thereof delivered to the sheriff. Where it is issued during the
litigation, it shall be delivered to him with as many copies thereof as there
are parties enjoined. The Sheriff shall forthwith serve it by delivering a copy
to each party enjoined, and make return thereof on the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-003080

281 [310]. Requisites of order delivery and service of. The order of injunction
shall be addressed to the party enjoined; shall state the injunction ; and, if
its effect be to discharge a levy under an execution, it shall so state ; and
shall be dated and signed by the clerk. If it be issued at the commencement of
an action, it shall be indorsed upon the summons, and a copy thereof shall be
delivered to the sheriff. If it be issued during the litigation, it shall be
delivered to him, with as many copies thereof as there are parties enjoined. The
sheriff shall forthwith serve it by delivering a copy to each party enjoined,
and make return thereof on the order. (Form of order, page 4.15; what officers
may execute, sec. 667; when may exe cute on holiday, sec. 665 ; must indorse
time of reception, sec. 674,)

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-002870

281 [310]. Requisites of order, &c. —The order of injunction shall be addressed
to the party enjoined ; shall state the injunction ; and, if its effect be
to discharge a levy under an execution, it shall so state; and shall be dated
and signed by the clerk. If it be issued at the com mencement of an action, it
shall be indorsed upon the summons, and a copy thereof shall be delivered to the
sheriff. If it be issued during the litigation, it shall be delivered to him,
with as many copies thereof as there are parties enjoined. The sheriff shall
forthwith serve it by de livering a copy to each party enjoined, and make return
thereof on the order.

-----------------------------------------------


