Exemplar: KY1851-002150
Earliest: KY1851-002150
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 7411

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-002150

195. The trial of an action by ordinary proceedings, shall not be postponed on
account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party interrogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor, in
case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts the party believes
will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the
interrogatories, nor omitted to file them, for the purpose of delay. Whereupon,
if the party will consent that the facts stated in the affidavit shall be
considered as admitted by those interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed
for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-001860

172. The trial of an action by ordinary proceedings, shall not be postponed on
account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party interrogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor: in
case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts the party believes
will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the
interrogatories, nor omitted to file them, for the purpose of delay. Whereupon,
if the party will consent that the facts stated in the affidavit shall be
considered us admitted by those interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed
for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-003220

394. The trial of an action by ordinary proceedings, shall not be postponed on
account of the failure to answer interrogato­ ries, if the party interrogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor, in
case of his absence, un- less an affidavit be filed showing the facts, the
party believes will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has
not filed the interrogatories for the purpose of delay ; whereupon, if the party
will consent that the facts stated in the afflda,-it shall be con­ sidered as
admitted by those interrogated, the · trial sball not be postponed for that
cause.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-001850

172. Failing to answer—when ground of continuance. The trial of an action, by
ordinary proceedings, shall not be postponed on account of the failure to answer
the interrogatories, if the party interrogated is present in court at the trial,
so that he may be orally examined ; nor, in case of his absence, without an
affidavit showing the facts the party believes will be proved by the answers
thereto, and that the party has not filed the interrogatories, nor omitted to
file them, for the purpose of delay. Whereupon, if the party will con sent that
the facts stated in the affidavit shall be considered as ad mitted by those
interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-002040

166. The trial of an action by proceedings at law, shall not be postponed on
account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party interrogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor in
case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts the party believed
will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the
interrogatories, nor omitted to file them for the purpose of delay. Whereupon,
if the party will consent that the facts stated in the aiiidavit shall be
considered as admitted by those interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed
for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-001870

4631. The trial of an action by proceedings at law shall not be postponed on
account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party interrogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor in
case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts the party believes
will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the in-
terrogatories, nor omitted to file them for the purpose of delay. Whereupon,
if the party will consent that the facts stated in the affidavit shall be
considered as admitted by those interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed
for that cause. ' V

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-001860

5095. The trial of an action by proceedings at law shall not be post poned
on account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party .
interrogated is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally
examined ; nor in case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts
the party believes will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party
has not filed the interrogatories, nor omitted to file them, for the purpose
of delay. Where upon, if the party will consent that the facts stated in the
affidavit shall be considered as admitted by those ' interrogated, the trial
shall not be postponed for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-001650

145 [172]. When trial not postponed for failure to answer. The trial of an
ordinary action shall not be postponed on account of the failure to answer the
interrogatories, if the party interrogated be present in court at the trial,
so that he may be orally examined ; nor, in case of his absence, without an
affidavit showing the facts which the party believes will be proved by the
answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the interrogatories, nor
omitted to file them, for the purpose of delay; nor, if the party will consent
that the facts stated in the affidavit shall be considered as admitted by him.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-001850

5784. The trial of an action by proceedings at law shall not be post poned on
account of the failure to answer the interrogatories, if the party inter rogated
is present in court at the trial, so that he may be orally examined; nor in
case of his absence, without an affidavit showing the facts the party believes
will be proved by the answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the
interrogatories, nor omitted to file them, for the purpose of delay. Whereupon,
if the party will consent that the facts stated in the affidavit shall be
considered as admitted by those interrogated, the trial shall not be postponed
for that cause.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-001470

145 [172]. Wlien trial not postponed for failure to answer. —The trial of an
ordinary action shall not be postponed on account of the failure to answer the
interrogatories, if the party interrogated be present in court at the trial,
so that he may be orally examined ; nor, in case of his absence, without an
affidavit showing the facts which the party believes will be proved by the
answers thereto, and that the party has not filed the interrogatories, nor
omitted to file them, for the purposes of delay; nor, if the party will consent
that the facts stated in the affi davit shall be considered as admitted by him.

-----------------------------------------------


