Exemplar: OH1879-002920
Earliest: KY1851-005130
Documents in cluster: 25
Cluster ID: 15762

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-005130

471. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made ,1 except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made‘in the period limited in the last section. '

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-004660

411. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives, or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant aiter the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made ; but where the defendant shallalso have died,
or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on both sides
may be made in the period limited in the last section.‘

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-005830

570. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made ; except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-008160

863. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith. but shall not be made without
the consent et the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his powers have ceased in the mean time, the order of revivor on both sides
may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004700

423. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintiH, may be made forthwith, . but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the.time the
order might have been first made; but, where the defendant shall also have died
or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor, on both sides,
may be made in the period limited In the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004930

425. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made
without the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year the time
eednatrteeprto foeya from tetm the order might have been first made; but where
the defendant shall also have died, or his powers have ceased in the mean time,
the order of revivor on both sides may be made in the period limited in the last
action.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004430

423. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his power have ceased in the mean time, the order of revivor on both sides
may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005180

467. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one car from the time the
order might have been first made; but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on both sides
may be made in the eriod limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-006210

570. JVo revivor in name of plaintifff's representatives unless within a year.
An order to revive an action in the names of the rep resentatives or successor
of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without the
consent of the defendant after the ex piration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made ; except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-006530

562. An order to rev.ve an action in the names of the representatives.
ornsuecessor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made
without the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the
time the order might have been first made; except that, where the defendant
shall also have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of
revivor on both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section. '

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004320

434. An order to revive an action, in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his powers have ceased, in the meantime, the order of revivor, on both sides,
may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-004820

463. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintiff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; but, where the d.efendant shall also have died
or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor, on both sides,
may he made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-003340

4779. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives’ or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made, except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003110

417. An order to revive an action against the rep resentatives or successor
of a defendant, shall not be made without the consent of such representatives
or successor, unless in one year from the time it could have been first made.
Sec, 418. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time
the order might have been first made ; bnt, where the defendant shall also have
died, or his powers have ceased in the mean time, the order of revivor, on both
sides, may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-002920

5158. An order to revive an action in the name of the repre­ sentative or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made, of
right, without the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year
from the time the order might have been first made; but when the defendant is
dead, or his powers have ceased, the order of revivor on both sides may be made
in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-003410

5247. An order to revive an action in the names of the representa tives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made, except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-001890

208. An order to revive an action in the name of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall riot be made of
right, without the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year
from the time the order might have first been iimde; but when the defendant is
dead, or his powers' have ceased, the order of revivor on both sides may be made
in the period limited in the- last section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-002250

2544. An order to revive an action in the name of the representa tives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made of right,
without the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the
time the order might have first been made; but when the defendant is dead, or
his powers have ceased, the order of revivor on both sides may be made in the
period limited in the last section. [S. L. 1886, ch. 60, § 20S. R. S.O§Si58.]
Action dismissed when it cannot be revived.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-005810

509 [570]. Time in which action may be revived in name of plaintifff's
successor. An order to revive an action in the name of the representative or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; except that, if the defendant shall also have
died, or his powers have ceased, in the meantime, the order of revivor on both
sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-002940

5158. Limitation when plaintifff diet. An order to revive an action in the name
of the representative or successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but
shall not be made, of right, without the consent of the defend ant, after the
expiration of one year from the time the order might have been first made; but
when the defend ant is dead, or his powers have ceased, the order of revivor
on both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section. [51 v. 57,
§4H ; S. & C. 1059.] The mode of revivor provided for by these sections of the
code is not exclusive, but the court has discretion to follow the old method, 24
O. S. 182; 29 O. S. 86; see \ 5149. Notice required, 1 Clev. R. 12.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004930

11. An order to revive an action, in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff, may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made; but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his powers have ceased, in the meantime, the order of revivor, on both sides,
may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-003370

5936. An order to revive an action in the names of the representa tives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been first made, except that, where the defendant shall also
have died or his powers have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-002670

5158. Limitation when plaintifff dies. An order to revive an action in the name
of the representative or successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but
shall not be made, of right, without the consent of the defend ant, after the
expiration of one year from the time the order might have been first made; but
when the defend ant is dead, or his powers have ceased, the order of revivor on
both sides may be made in the period limited in the last section. [51 v. 57, §
411 ; S. & C. 1059.] The mode of revivor provided for by these sections of the
code is not exclusive, but the court has discretion to follow the old method, 24
O. S. 182; 29 O. S. 86; see \ S149. Notice required, 1 Clev. R. 12.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-006030

3100. An order to revive an action in the names of the representatives or
successor of a plaintifff may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without
the consent of the defendant, after the expiration of one year from the time the
order might have been tirst made: but where the defendant shall also have died,
or his power have ceased in the meantime, the order of revivor on both sides may
be made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-005380

509 [570]. Limitation of revivor by representatives or successors. An order to
revive an action in the name of the representative or suc cessor of a plaintifff
may be made forthwith, but shall not be made without the consent of the
defendant after the expiration of one year from the time the order might have
been first made ; except that, if the defendant shall also have died, or his
powers have ceased, in the meantime, the order of revivor on both sides may be
made in the period limited in the last section.

-----------------------------------------------


