Exemplar: NE1859-002120
Earliest: KY1851-002610
Documents in cluster: 17
Cluster ID: 10441

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-002610

240. An order may, at any time before judgment, be directed to any other county
for the delivery of the property claimed. And several orders may issue at the
same time, or successively, at the option of the plain iff. But only one of them
shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-002100

187. An order may be directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the laintitf; but only
one of them shall be taxed in the costs, ess otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-002320

219. An order may, at any time before judgment, be directed to any other county
for the delivery of the property claimed. And several orders may issue at the
same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff. But only one of
them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-003700

317. A writ of sequestration may be directed to any other county than the one
in which the suit is brought, and several writs may issue at the same time,
or successively at the option of the plaintifff; but only one of them shall be
taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-002140

195. An order may be directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintiff ; but
only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-002120

186. An order may be-directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff; but
only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-001770

184. An order may be directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff; but
only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-002130

194. An order may be directed toany other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders ma
issue at the same time, or successive] ', at the 0 tion 0 the plaintifff; but
only one of them sha 1 be taxe in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-002310

219. Order may go to another county. An order may, at any time before judgment,
be directed to any county for the delivery of the property claimed. And several
orders may issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the
plaintifff. But only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise
ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-001860

186. An order may be directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
issue at the same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff; but
only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-002570

214. An order may at any time before judgment, be directed to any other county
for the delivery of the property claimed. And several orders may issue at the
same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff. But only one of
them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-002070

198. An order may be directed to any other county than the one in which the
action is brought, for the delivery of the property claimed. Several orders may
be issued at the same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff;
but only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise ordered by
the court.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-001350

183. An order may be directed to any other county Several orders J may be issued
than the one in which the action is brought, for the delivery and directed to
° g " amy eounly. of the property claimed. Several orders may be issued at the
same time, or successively, at the option of the plaintifff ; hut only one of
them shall be taxed in the costs, unless oth erwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-007470

3034. An order for the deliverv of the propertv claimed mav be directed to anv
countv, and several orders may issue at the same time, or suc cessivelv at the
option of the plaintifff, but onlv one of them shall be taxed in the costs,
unless otherwise ordered bv the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-002110

192 [219]. Order may be issued to any county. An order may, at any time before
judgment, be directed to any county for the delivery of the property claimed.
And several orders may issue at the same time, or Successively, at the option
of the plaintifff; but only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless
otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-002150

186. An order may be directed to any other county ereatcountles.than the one in
which the action is brought, for the delivery of' the property claimed. Several
orders may issue at the same time,. or successively, at the option of the
plaintifff; but only one of them shall be taxed in the costs, unless otherwise
ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-001940

192 [219]. Orders may issue to several counties. —An order may, at anytime
before judgment, be directed to any county for the delivery of the property
claimed. And several orders may issue at the same time, or successively, at
the option of the plaintifff; but only one of them shall be taxed in the costs,
unless otherwise ordered by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


