Exemplar: KS1859-004630
Earliest: KY1851-005050
Documents in cluster: 24
Cluster ID: 7212

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-005050

462. The order may be made on the motion of the ad- , verse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order. ,

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-004590

404. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives, or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-005740

561. The order may be made on the motion of the ad .. verse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who'died or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with· the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-008100

857. The order may be made on the motion ot the ad­ verse party, or of the
representatives or successors of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which with the names and
capacities of his representatives, or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004630

416. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004860

418. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004360

416. The order may be made on motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives‘ or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005110

460. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse arty, or of the
representatives or successor of the art w 0 died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his geat or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order. »

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-006120

561. Order made on motion of either party, or his repre sentative. The order
may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the representatives or
successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased, suggesting his death
or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and capacities of his
representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-006440

553. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives, or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004250

427. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-004750

456. The order may‘ be made on motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-003250

4770. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order. ’

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003050

409. When one of the parties to an action dies, or Maybere\ive<i his powers as
a personal representative cease before the judg ment, if the right of action
survive in favor of or against his representatives or successor, the action
may be revived and proceed in their names. Ske. 410. The revivor shall be, by
a conditional order of Revivor by <>rthe court, if made in term, or by ajudge
thereof, if in vacation, that the action be revived, in the names of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased, and
proceed in favor of or against them. Sec 411. The order may be made on motion of
the ad- order made on verse party, or of the representatives or successor of the
party ^vho died, or whose powers ceased, suggesting his death or the cessation
of his powers, which, with the names and capacities of his representatives or
successor, shall be stated in the or der.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1879-002050

3664. After the suggestion of the death, marriage or disabi ity, the order
may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the representatives
or successor of the “party who died or whose power ceased, and the names and
capacities of the representatives or successor shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-002850

5151. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representative or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which, with the name and
capacities of his representative or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-003320

5238. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-001810

201. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representative or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his deatl, or the cessation of his powers, which with the name and
capacities of his representative or successor shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-002180

2537. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse partv, or of the
representative or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which with the name and
capacities of his representative or successor shall be stated in the order. [S.
L. 1S86, ch. 60, § 201. R. S. (')., § 5151.] Service of order.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-002850

5151. By whom conditional order made. The order may be made on the motion of
the adverse party, or of the representative or successor of the party who died,
or whose powers ceased, suggesting his death, or the cessa tion of his powers,
which, with the name and capacities of his representative or successor, shall be
stated in the order. [51 v. 57, \ 404 ; S. & C. 1059.]

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004860

11. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation cf his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-003280

5927. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers ceased,
suggesting his death or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated in the order.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-002590

5151. By whom conditional order made. The order may be made on the motion of
the adverse party, or of the representative or successor of the party who died,
or whose powers ceased, suggesting his death, or the cessa tion of his powers,
which, with the name and capacities of his representative or successor, shall be
stated in the order. [51 v. 57, § 404 ; S. & C. 1059.]

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-005960

3093. The order may be made on the motion of the adverse party, or of the
representatives or successor of the party who died, or whose powers cease,
suggesting his death, or the cessation of his powers, which, with the names and
capacities of his representatives or successor, shall be stated 1n the order.

-----------------------------------------------


