Exemplar: KY1851-007480
Earliest: KY1851-007480
Documents in cluster: 13
Cluster ID: 7565

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-007480

693. Where defense is made by an answer, which the plaintifff does not consent
may be taken as true, the action may be placed on the trial docket thirty days
after the pleadings have been, or by the provisions of sections 681, 682, should
have been completed. But where they have not been so completed, though they
should have been by those sections, the party in default as to time, shall not
be entitled to place the action on the trial docket. ,

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-004430

405. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections one
hundred and sixtythree, one hundred and sixty-four, and one hundred and sixty-
five, should have been completed ninety days before the commencement of such
term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have been by
those sections, the party in default as to time, shall not be entitled to demand
a trial. '

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-008090

794. Where defense is made by an answer, which tho plaintifff does not consent
may be taken as true, the action may be placed on the trial docket thirty days
after the pleadings have been, or by the provisions of sections 7 82, 783,
should have been completed. But where they have not been so completed, though
they should have been by those sections, the party in default as to time, shall
not be entitled to place the action on the trial docket.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-004070

393. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections 137, 138,
and 139, should have been completed ninety days before the commencement of such
term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have been by
those sections, the party in default as to time, shall not be entitled to demand
a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-008510

794. When to be placed on trial docket, if answer not ad mitted to be true.
Where defense is made by an answer, which the plaintifff does not consent may
be taken as true, the action may be placed on the trial docket thirty days after
the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections seven hundred and
eighty, two and seven hundred and eighty-three, should have been completed. But
where they have not been so completed, though they should have been by those
sections, the party in default as to time, shall not be entitled to place the
action on the trial docket.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-004180

393. When actions by equity proceedings stand for trial. Ac tions prosecuted
by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any term, where the pleadings
have been, or, by the provisions of

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-004190

s one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred and thirty-eight and one hundred and
thirty-nine, should have been completed ninety days before the commencement of
such term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have
been by those sec tions, the party in default, as to time, shall not be entitled
to de mand a trial. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-004600

395. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings, shall stand tor trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of Sections 128, 129
and 130, should have been, completed ninety days before the commencementof such
term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have been
by those Sections, the party in default, as to time, shall not be entitled to
demand a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-002200

4664. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections 4584,
4585 and 4580should have been completed ninety days before the commencement of
such term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have
been by those sections, the party in default, as to time, shall not be entitled
to demand a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-002190

5127. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections 5048,
5049 and 5050, should have been, completed ninety days before the com mencement
of such term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have
been by those sections, the party in default, as to time, shall not be entitled
to demand a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-003980

364 [393]. When equity actions stand for trial. Equitable actions shall stand
for trial at any term, if the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of
sections 102, 104, 105, and 10ti, should have been completed, ninety days before
the commencement of such term. But, if they have not been so completed, though
they should have been, by those sections, the party in default as to time shall
not be entitled to demand a trial. (Sec further, secs. 300, 367.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-002180

5816. Actions prosecuted by equitable proceedings shall stand for trial at any
term, where the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions of sections ^737,
5738 and 5739, should have been, completed ninety days before the com mencement
of such term. But where they have not been so completed, though they should have
been by those sections, the party in default, as to time, shall not be entitled
to demand a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-003720

364 [393]- When equitable actions stand for trial. —Equitable actions shall
stand for trial at any term, if the pleadings have been, or, by the provisions
of § 102, 104, 105, and 106, should have been completed [sixty (Act 1893, p.
1389)] days before the commencement of such term. But, if they have not been so
completed, though they should have been, by those sections, the party in default
as to time shall not be entitled to demand a trial.

-----------------------------------------------


