Exemplar: AR1868-005920
Earliest: KY1854-005270
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 1344

-----------------------------------------------

KY1854-005270

513. The clerk shall docket the traverse us other ac­ tions ; it shall stand for
trial as docketed ; the traversec shall join issue on the traverse; it shall be
tried by a jury, and judgment given on the verdict, as in other cases : Provided
however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the court
from giving judgment against either par­ ty for default, nor from deciding any
matter of law properly brought before them, as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-005540

513. Proceedings in the circuit court on the traverse. The clerk shall docket
the traverse as other actions ; it shall stand for trial as docketed ; the
traversee shall join issue on the traverse ; it shall be tried by a jury, and
judgment given on the verdict, as in other cases : Provided, however, that
nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the court from giving
judgment against either party for default, nor from deciding any matter of law
prop erly brought before them, as in other cases. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-005920

508. The clerk shall docket the traverse as other actions; it shall stand for
trial as docketcd; the traversee shall join issue on the traverse; it shall be
tried by a jury, and judgment given on the verdict, as in other cases; Provided
however, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the court
from giving judgment against either party for default, nor from deciding any
matter of law properly brought before them, as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-005120

465 [513]. Proceedings on the traverse in the circuit court. The clerk shall
docket the traverse as other actions ; it shall stand for trial as docketed ;
the traversee shall join issue on the traverse ; and it shall be tried by a
jury, and judgment given on the verdict, as in other cases : Provided, however,
that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the court from
giving judgment against either party for default, nor from deciding any question
of law as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-004750

465 [513]. Trial of traverse. —The clerk shall docket the traverse as other
actions ; it shall stand for trial as docketed (a) ; the traversee shall join
issue on the traverse (b) ; and it shall be tried by a jury, and judgment given
on the verdict (c), as in other cases : Provided, however, that nothing herein
contained shall be construed to prevent the court from giving judgment against
either party for default, nor from deciding any question of law as in other
cases

-----------------------------------------------


