Exemplar: IA1859-012140
Earliest: KY1851-007060
Documents in cluster: 24
Cluster ID: 6484

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-007060

652. The surety in every bond provided for by this code, must be a resident of
this state, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his
debts, and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to
be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond, they must, in
the aggregate, have the qualification prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-006820

600. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code, msust be a
resident of this State, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the
amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in this State, equal
to the sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same
undertaking, they must in the aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-007680

755. The surety in every bond provided for 'by this Code, must be a resident
of this state, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his
debts, and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to
be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond, they must, in
the aggregate, have the qualifi­ cation prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-009990

874. The surety in every bond provided for by law must be resident of this
State, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his debts,
and have property liable to execution against him, in this State, equal to the
sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond, they
must, in the aggregate, have the qualification prescribed in this Article.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-012140

1110. The surety in every bond provided for by this Code, must be a resident
of this State, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his
debts, and have property liable to execution in this State equal to the sum to
be secured. Where there are two or. more sureties in the same bond, they must,
in the aggregate, have the qualification prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-006820

611. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code or other statute,
must be a resident of this Territory, and worth double the sum to be secured.
Where there are two or more sureties in the same undertaking, they must, in the
aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-007120

616. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code, must be a
resident of this territory, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the
amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in this territory
equal to the sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same
undertaking, they must in the aggregate have the qualifications prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-006440

612. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code, must be a
resident of this territory, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the
amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in this territory
equal to the sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same
undertaking, they must in the aggregate have the qualifications prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-009850

898. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code, must be a
resident of this territory, and worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the
amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in this territory
equal to the sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same
undertaking, they must in the aggregate have the qualifications prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-008120

755. Qualifications of sureties. The surety in every bond provided for in this
code, must be a resident of this state, and worth double the sum to be secured,
beyond the amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in this
state equal to the sum to be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in
the same bond, they must, in the aggregate, have the qualification prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-009040

787. The surety in every bond provided for by this Code must be a resident of
this State, and Worth double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his
debts, and have property liable to execution in this State equal to the sum to
be secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond, they must, in
the aggregate, have the qualifications pre- scribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-007250

724. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code or other statute,
must be a resident of this state, and worth double the sum to be secured.
over and above all exemptions, debts and liabilities. ·v· 're there are two
or more sureties in the same under'~ 1 they must, in the aggregate, have the
qualifications prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-008560

827. The surety in every undertaking provided for by this code or other statute,
must be a resident of this territory, and worth double the sum to be secured,
over and above all exemptions, debts and liabilities; where there are two or
more sureties in the same undertaking, they must, in the aggregate, have the
qualilications prescribed in this section: Provided, That no judge, justice of
the peace, or attorney at law shall be received as, or‘ allowed to become surety
on any bond or undertaking, official or otherwise, required by this act, or any
other statute of this territory.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-003760

4822. The surety in every bond provided for by law must be a. resident of this
state, and worth double the sum to be secured beyond the amount of his debts,
and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to be
secured. VV here there are two or more sureties in the same bond they must, in
the aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-005000

6*36. The surety in every undertaking provided for s arety mnsi «<• by this
code, must be a resident of this Territory, and worth this Territory, double the
sum to be secured, beyond the amount of his debts, and have property liable to
execution in this Territory, equal to the sum to be secured. Where there are two
or more sureties in the same undertaking, they must, in the aggregate, have the
qualifications prescribed in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-000230

4953. Sureties must be residents of this state, and worth, in the aggregate,
double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of their debts, and have
property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to be secured.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-003950

5301. The surety in every bond provided for by law must be a resi dent of this
state, and worth double the sum to be secured beyond the amount of his debts,
and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to be
secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond they must, in the
aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in this section. Ib., secs. 785–
787.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-000080

2343. Sureties must be residents of this territorv and worth in the aggregate,
double the sum to be secured, bevond the amount of their debts and have propertv
liable to execution in this territory equal to the sum to be secured. [S. L.
1886, -ch. 60, § 7. R. S. O., § 4953.] Process, style and attestation of.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-007690

684 [755]. Qualifications of sureties. The surety in every bond provided for by
this Code must be a resident of this State, and be worth double the sum to be
secured beyond the amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in
this State equal to the sum to be secured. If there be two or more sureties in
the same bond they "must, in the aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed
in this section.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-000090

4953. Qualifications of sureties. Sureties must be residents of this state,
and worth, in the aggregate, double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of
their debts, and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the
sum to be secured. [51 v. 57,

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-008340

752. The surity in every undertaking provided for by this code or other
statutes, must be a resident of this Territory and worth double the sum to be
secured, over and above all exemptions, debt and liabilities. Where there are
two or more sureties in the same undertaking, they must, in the aggregate, have
the qualifications prescribed in this sedtion.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-003890

5988. The surety in every bond provided for by law must be a resi dent of this
state, and worth double the sum to be secured beyond the amount of his debts,
and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the sum to be
secured. Where there are two or more sureties in the same bond they must, in the
aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in this section (v5). Ib., sees.
785-787.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-000120

4953. Qualifications of sureties. Sureties must be residents of this state,
and worth, in the aggregate, double the sum to be secured, beyond the amount of
their debts, and have property liable to execution in this state equal to the
sum to be secured. [51 v. 57

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-007220

684 [755]- Qualifications of surety. — The surety in every bond provided for by
this Code must be a resident of this State, and be worth double the sum to be
secured beyond the amount of his debts, and have property liable to execution in
this State equal to the sum to be secured. If there be two or more sureties in
the same bond they must, in the aggregate, have the qualifications prescribed in
this section.

-----------------------------------------------


