Exemplar: AR1884-000740
Earliest: KY1851-001190
Documents in cluster: 7
Cluster ID: 1465

-----------------------------------------------

KY1851-001190

108. Where the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him and upon his father or. guardian; or, if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother or any white person havingthe care or
control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant is over fourteen
years of age, service on him shall be sufficient.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-000950

81. Where the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him and upon his father or guardian, or, if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother or any other white person having the
care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant . is over
fourteen years of age, service on him shall be su ffi.cien t.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-000900

81. How served on an infant Where the defendant is an infant, under the age of
fourteen years, the service must be upon him and upon his father or guardian ;
or, if neither of these can be found, then upon his mother, or any other white
person having the care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where
the infant is over fourteen years of age, service on him shall be suf ficient.
(Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-000960

73. Where the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him, and upon his father or guardian, or if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother, or upon any other person, having the
care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant is over
fourteen years of age, service on him sha be suEcient.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-000770

4521. iWhere the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him, and upon his father or guardian, or if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother, or upon any other person having the
care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant is over
fourteen years of age, service on him shall be sufficient.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-000740

4983. Where the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him, and upon his father or guardian, or, if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother, or upon any other person having the
care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant is over
fourteen years of age, service on him shall be sufficient.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-000730

5673. Where the defendant is an infant under the age of fourteen years, the
service must be upon him, and upon his father or guardian, or, if neither of
these can be found, then upon his mother, or upon any other person having the
care or control of the infant, or with whom he lives. Where the infant is over
fourteen years of age, service on him shall be sufficient (cc).

-----------------------------------------------


