Exemplar: KY1867-005820
Earliest: KY1854-005490
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 7815

-----------------------------------------------

KY1854-005490

536. Where a person is adjudged to have usurped an offioe or franchise, he shall
be deprived thereof by the judg- ment of the court, and the person adjudged
entitled thereto reinstated therein ; but no one shall be adjudged entitled
thereto unless the action is instituted by him. And the court shall have power
to enforce its judgment, by causing the books and papers, and all other things
pertaining to the office or franchise, to be surrendered by the usurper, and by
preventing him from further exercising or using the same, and may enforce its
orders by fine and imprisonment until obeyed.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-005820

536. What judgment to be rendered against usurper. Where a person is adjudged
to have usurped an office or franchise, he shall be deprived thereof by the
judgment of the court, and the person adjudged entitled thereto reinstated
therein; but no one shall be adjudged entitled thereto, unless the action is
instituted by him. And the court shall have power to enforce its judgment, by
causing the books and papers, and all other things pertaining to the office
or franchise, to be surrendered by the usurper, and by preventing him from
further exercising or using the same, and may enforce its orders by fine and
imprisonment until obeyed. {Notes to 529.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-006170

529. \Vherc a person is adjudged to have usurped an office or franchise, he
shall be deprived thereof by the judgment of the court, and the person adjudged
entitled thereto, reinstated therein ; but no one shall be adjudged entitled
thereto unless the action is instituted by him. And the court shall have power
to enforce its judgment, by causing the books and papers and all other things
pertaining to the office or franchise, to be surrendered by the usurper, and by
preventing him from further exercising or using the same, and may enforce its
01'ders by fine and imprisonment, until obeyed.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-005450

487 [536]. What judgment to be rendered against usurper. A person adjudged to
have usurped an office or franchise shall be deprived thereof by the judgment
of the court, and the person adjudged entitled thereto shall be placed in
possession thereof; but no one shall be adjudged entitled thereto, unless the
action be insti tuted by him. And the court shall have power to enforce its
judgraent by causing the books and papers, and all other things pertain ing to
the office or franchise, to be surrendered by the usurper; and by preventing him
from further exercising or using the same; and may enforce its orders by fine
and imprisonment until obeyed.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-005110

487 [536]. Judgment against usurper. â€”A person adjudged to have usurped an
office or franchise shall be deprived thereof by the judgment of the court, and
the person adjudged entitled thereto shall be placed in possession thereof ;
but no one shall be adjudged entitled thereto, unless the action be instituted
by him. And the court shall have power to enforce its judgment by causing the
books and papers, and all other things pertaining to the office or franchise,
to be surrendered by the usurper; and by preventing him from further exercising
or using the same ; and may enforce its orders by fine and imprisonment until
obeyed.

-----------------------------------------------


