Exemplar: MA1836-006770
Earliest: MA1836-006770
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 8358

-----------------------------------------------

MA1836-006770

If it shall appear that there is a balance due from the plaintifff to the
defendant judgment shall be rendered for the defendant for the amount thereof
with his costs; but no such judgment shall be rendered against the plaintifff,
when the demand, for which the action is brought, had been assigned before the
commencement of the suit, nor for any balance due from any other person than the
plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-004330

10. If there be found a balance due from the plaintifff in the action, to the
defendant, judgment shall be rendered in favor of the defendant for the amount
thereof; but no such judgment shall be rendered against the plaintifff, when the
contract which is the subject of the action, shall have been assigned before the
commencement of such action, nor for any balance due from any other person than
the plaintifff in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-003950

366. If there be found a balance due from the plaintifff in the action to the
defendant, judgment shall be rendered in favor of the defendant for the amount
thereof, but no such judgment shall be rendered against _the plaintifff, when
the contract, which is the subject of the action, shall have been assigned
before the commencement of such action, nor for any balance due from any other
person than the plaintifff in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


MA1858-008020

If it shall appear that there is a balance due from the plaintifff to the
defendant, judgment shall be ren- f dered for the defendant for the amount
thereof with his costs; but no such judgment shall be rendered against the
plaintifff when the demand for which the action is brought had been assigned
before the commencement of the suit, nor for any balance due from _any other
person than the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000970

3. If there be found a balance due from the plaintifff in the action to the
defendant, judgment shall be rendered to the defendant for the amount thereof;
but 110 such judgment shall be rendered against the plaintifff for any balance
due from any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-003180

281. If there be found a balance due from the plaintifff in the action to the
defendant, judgment shall be rendered in favor of the defendant for the amount
thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-004370

402. If there be found a balance due from the plaintifff in the action to the
defendant, judgment shall be rendered in favor of the defendant for the amount
thereof, but no such judgment shall be rendered against the plaintifff when the
contract, which is the subject of the action, shall have been assigned before
the commencement of such action, nor for any balance due from any other person
than the plainÂ­ tiff in the action. Costs in Civil Actions.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1879-003630

3874. If t ere be found a balance due from the plaintifff to the defendant,
judgment shall be rendered for the defendant. for the amount thereof, together
with costs.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-007630

3261. If the amount of the set-off duly established, be equal to the plaintifffs
debt on demand, judgment shall be entered that the plaintifff take nothing by
his action: if it be less than the plaintifff's dent or demand, the plaintifff
shall have judgment for the residue only: and if there be found a balance due
from the plaintifff to the defendant, judgment shall be rendered a trainst
the plaintifff for the amount thereof: but no such judgment shall be rendered
against the plaintifff when the contract which was the subject of the suit shall
have been assigned before the commencement of such action, nor for any balance
due any other person than the plaintifff in the action.

-----------------------------------------------


