Exemplar: FL1847-000800
Earliest: MA1836-005790
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 4444

-----------------------------------------------

MA1836-005790

Depositions may be taken, in the manner and according to the regulations,
provided in this chapter, to be used before any magistrates, or other persons
authorized to examine witnesses, in any other than criminal cases. Seer. 14.
When a witness, whose testimony is wanted in any civil cause pending in this
state, shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trial, or shall be
about to go out of the state, and not to return in time for the trial, or is so
sick, iniirm or aged, as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend
at the trial, his deposition may be taken in the manner hereinafter provided.
Snow. 15. At any time after the cause is commenced by the service of process, or
after it is submitted to arbitrators or referees, either party may apply to any
justice of the peace, who shall issue a notice to the adverse party, to appear
before the said justice or any other justice of the peace, at the time and place
appointed for taking the deposition, and to put such interrogatories as he may
think (it. Si-:c'r. 16. The said notice may be served on the agent or attorney
of the adverse party, and shall have the same effect, as if served on the party
himself. '

-----------------------------------------------


FL1847-000800

Where a witness whose testimony is wanted in any civil cause pending in this
State, shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trial, or shall be
about to go out of the State, and not to return in time for the trial, or is so
sick, infirm, or aged, as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend
at the trial, his deposition may be taken in the manner hereinafter provided.
(a)

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-008020

When a witness whose testimony is wanted in any civil cause pending in this
state, shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trial, or shall be
about to go out of the state, and not to return in time for the trial, or is so
sick, infirm or aged as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend
at the trial, bis deposition may be taken in the manner hereinafter provided.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-008410

If the party receiving such notice shall live more than thirty miles from the
place of trial, or shall be about to go out of the state not to return in time
for the trial or is so sick or infirm ' ' ' or aged, as to make it probable that
he will not be able to attend at the trial, he may give notice of any such fact
to the adverse party, and that bis deposition will be taken before someÂ· justice
of the peace therein named, and said notice shall be given, and the deposition
taken according to the provisions of law for taking the depositions of other
witnesses. The deposition thus taken and duly produced, shall he admitted as
testimony on the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-006170

66. Either party, in an action depending before a justice of the peace, may
cause the deposition of a witness therein to be taken, when such witness
resides, or is about to go, more than twenty miles from the place of trial, or
is so sick, infirm, or aged, as to make it probable that he will not be able to
attend at the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


MA1858-008180

, to be used before magistrates or other persons. authorized to examine
witnesses in any other than criminal 5 (38808 . S1-zcr. 17. When a witness whose
testimony is wanted in ; a civil cause or proceeding pending in this state,
shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trial, or shall be about
to go out of the state and not to return in time for the trial, or is so sick,
infirm, or aged, as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend at
the trial, his deposition may be taken as hereinafter provided.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-005340

8. When a witness whose testimony is wanted in any civil cause pending in this
state, shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trialvor shall be
about to go out of the state, and not to return in time for the trial, or is so
sick, infirm, or aged as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend
at the trial, his deposition may be taken in the manner hereinafter provided. .

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-009390

8. When a witness whose testimony is wanted in any civil cause pending in this
territory shall live more than thirty miles from the place of trial, or shall be
about to go out of the territory and not to return in time for trial, or is so
sick, infirm or aged as to make it probable that he will not be able to attend
at the trial, his deposition may be taken in the manner hereinafter provided.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-005200

465. Either party in an action before a justice of the peace may cause the
deposition of a witness therein to be taken, when such witness resides or is
about to go out of the county, or is sick, infirm, or aged, so as to make it
probable that he will not be able to attend at the trial.

-----------------------------------------------


HI1897-001740

1378. VVhen a Witness whose testimony is Wanted in any civil cause pending in
this Republic, shall live on another island from that on which the trial is to
be held, or shall be about to go out of the Republic and not return in time for
the trial, or is so sick, infirm or aged as to make it probable that he will
not be able to attend at the trial, his depositions may be taken in the manner
hereinafter prescribed, at the option of the party instead of by commission as
hereinbefore provided.

-----------------------------------------------


