Exemplar: FL1847-000850
Earliest: MA1836-005810
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 4445

-----------------------------------------------

MA1836-005810

The deponent shall be sworn or amrmed to testify the truth, the whole truth and
nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition is taken,
and he shall then be examined by the justice and by the parties, if they think
(it, and his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1847-000850

The deponent shall be sworn or affirmed to testify the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition is
taken; and he shall then be examined by the Justice, and by the parties, if they
think lit, and his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-008070

The deponent shall be sworn to testify the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition is taken ; and he
shall then be examined by the parties, if they think fit, or by the jnstice, and
his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-010090

14. The deponent shall be sworn to testify the truth, the pg whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, relating the cause for which ,,,,_ the deposition is
taken, and he shall then be examined by the parties if they think tit, or by the
justice, and his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-003640

27. Before proceeding to the examination, the witness shall be sworn by the
officer taking the deposition, to testify the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which such deposition is taken;
he shall then be examined by the parties, or their attorneys, if they shall
think fit, or by the officer, either upon verbal or written interrogatories, on
all the points which they shall deem material.

-----------------------------------------------


MA1858-008220

Instead of the written notice before prescribed, the notice may be given
verbally by the justice taking the deposition, or it may be wholly omitted if
the adverse party or his attorney shall in writing waive the right to it. S1-:
01â€˜. 22. The deponent shall be sworn or affirmed to testify the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition
is taken. He shall then be examined by the justice and the parties if they think
fit, and his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-005400

14. The deponent shall be sworn to testify the truth, tho whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition is taken ;
and he shall then be examined by the parties, if they think fit, or by the
justice, and his testimony shall be taken in writing.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-009450

14. The deponent shall be sworn to testify the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition is taken,
and he shall then be examined by the parties if they think fit, or by the
justice, and his testimony shall be taken in writin .

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-002660

234. Before proceeding to the examination, the witness shall be sworn by the
officer taking the deposition, to testify the truth and nothing but the truth,
relating to the cause for which such deposition is taken; he shall then be
examined by the parties or their attorneys, if they shall think fit or by the
officer, either upon verbal or written interrogatories, on all the points which
they shall deem material.

-----------------------------------------------


HI1897-001790

1383. The deponent shall be sworn or affirmed to testify the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth, relating to the cause for which the deposition
is taken, and shall then be examined by the District Magistrate, Circuit Judge
or Clerk as aforesaid, or by the parties, and his testimony shall be taken in
writing. The examination shall be either verbal, or by written interrogatories.

-----------------------------------------------


