Exemplar: KY1851-002080
Earliest: MO1849-001030
Documents in cluster: 22
Cluster ID: 7408

-----------------------------------------------

MO1849-001030

8. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court shall
be satisfied, by affidavits or otherwise, that the opposite party could not be
ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in the same term or to another term of the court. ARTICLE XII. JUDGMENT UPON
FAILURE TO ANSWER. 1. Judgment, definition of. 4. In no case, damages or other
relief to be 2. Proceedings in cases where the defendant greater‘than that asked
for in the retition has failed to answer. _ as filed and served. 3. Court may
appoint referees, &c. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-002080

189. 'When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-001600

140. When either party shall amend any leading, or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied by a davit, or otherwise, that the adverse party could not be
ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some day
in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-001770

163. ·when either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof a continuance may be grant­ ed to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1856-001960

10. When a party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court shall be
satisfied, by aHidavits or otherwise, that the opposite party could not be ready
for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some day in
the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-001940

56. When any party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court shall
be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not be
ready for trial in consequence thereof, a postponement may be granted to some
day in term, or a continuance to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-003130

385. When either party shall amend any pleading or pro­ ceeding, the case shall
not be continued in consequence thereof, unless the Court shall be satisfied by
affida,'it or otherwise, that the adverse party could not be ready for trial in
consequence of such amendment. But if the Court is thus made to become satisfied
a continuance may be granted to some day in the same term, or to. the next term
of said Court.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-001660

150, When either party shall amendiany pleading or pm. needing, and-the cogrt
shall be. satisfied, by. aidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be $1!’-‘Md to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-001630

139. When either party shall amend any pleading, or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied by affidavit, or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-001590

137. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied by aliidavit, or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-001630

147. When either party shall amend an pleading . or proceeding, and the court
shall be satished, y affidavit " or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-001760

163. Pleading amended—opposite party may have continu ance if not ready. When
either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court shall be
satisfied, by affidavit or other wise, that the adverse party could not be ready
for trial in conse quence thereof,2 a continuance may be granted to some day in
tho same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-001940

157. \Vl1eu either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-001420

142. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-001580

151. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-001770

4621. W hen either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall he 5atisfie(l, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance maybe granted to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1879-001380

3597. Amendment of leading, when cause for continuance.When a party shall amend
any p eadinv or roceeding, and the court shall be satisfied, by affidavit or
otherwise, that t 1e opposite party could not be ready for trial, in consequence
thereof, a continuance ma be granted to some day of the same term, or to the
next regular term of t 1e court.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-001750

5085. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-001560

136 [163]. Continuance on amendment. If a party amend a pleading or proceeding,
and the court shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse
party can not be ready for trial in conse quence thereof, a continuance may be
granted to some day in the same term or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-001670

11. When either party shall amend any pleading oy proceeding, and the cGurt
shall be satisfied, by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial, in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-001750

5774. When either party shall amend any pleading or proceeding, and the court
shall be satisfied by affidavit or otherwise, that the adverse party could not
be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a continuance may be granted to some
day in the same term, or to another term of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-001380

136 [163]. Continuance on amendment. —If a party amend a plead ing or
proceeding, and the court shall be satisfied, by affidavit or other wise,
that the adverse party can not be ready for trial in consequence thereof, a
continuance may be granted to some day in the same term or to another term of
the court.

-----------------------------------------------


