Exemplar: MO1849-000510
Earliest: NY1848-001790
Documents in cluster: 47
Cluster ID: 9372

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-001790

129. The defendant may set forth in his answer, asra,,many grounds of defense
asf he shall have. They shall be separately stated, and may refer to the causes
of action which they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be
intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-000510

8. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense as he
shall have. They shall be separately stated, and may refer to the. causes of
action which they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be
intelligibly distin uished. '

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-001800

150. The defendant may set forth by answer, as many defenses as he shall have.
They shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are intended to an. swer, in any manner by which they may be intelliginy
distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-000520

46. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses as he shall have;
they shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelliginy
distinguished. .

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-007140

649. The defendant may set forth, by answer, as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They must each be separately stated, and the several defenses
must refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defendant may also
answer one or more of the several causes of action alleged in the complaint and
demur to the residue.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-000540

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as manydefenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several defenses
shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000700

69. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses as he shall have;
they shall each be separately stated, and refer to the , causes of action
which they are intended to answer, in any manner by 'which they may be intelli
ibly distin iished; the defendant may also answer one or more of ie several'
legations in the complaint, and demur to the residue.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-001820

150. The defendant may set forth by answer, as many, defenses as he shall have.
They shall each be separately: stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are in-I tended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelligibly
distinguished. .

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-001100

93. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off, as he may have, whether they be such as have been
heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both. Each must be separately
stated and numbered, as they must refer in an intelligible manner to the causes
of action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-006990

642. The defendant may set forth by answer, as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have Whether they be such as have been heretofore denominated legal or
equitable or both. They must each be separately stated, and the several defenses
must refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defendant may also
answer one or more of the several causes of action alleged in the complaint and
demur to the residue.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-000680

47. The defendant may set forth by answer as many denees fences as he may have.
They shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelligibly
distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-000480

45. Thedefendant may set forth, by answer, as many defenses as he may have. _
They shall each be separately stated, and refer to the canses of action which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelligibly
distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-002500

210. The defendant may set forth by the answer, as many defenses and
counterclaims as he may have, whether they be such as have been heretofore
denominated legal or equitable or both.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-000570

56. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and countor claims as
he may have, whetenc ther they be such as have been heretofore denominated legal
or equitable, or both; they musteach be separately stated, and refer to the
causes of action which they are intended to answer in such manner that they may
be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-001510

12. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim, or set-off, as he may have, whether they be such as aave been
heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both. They shall be stated
separately and refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer,
in any manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-000540

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several defenses
shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000630

12. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have, whether they be such as have been heretofore denominated legal
or equitable, o:r both ; they must each be separately stated, and refer to the
causes of action which they arc intended to answer, in such manner that they may
be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-001190

102. The defendant may set forth, in his answer, as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-of as he may have, whether they be such as have been
heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both. Each â€œmust be separately
stated and numbered, and they must refer, in an intelligible manner, to the
causes of action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-001130

92. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off as he may have. Each must be separately stated and
numbered, and they must refer in an intelligible manner to the cause of action
which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000730

73. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses as he shall have;
they shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelligibly
distinguished; the defendant may also answer one or more of the several
allegations in the complaint, and demur to the residue.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001010

90. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses as he may have.
They shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action, which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be intelligibly
distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-000520

49. The defendant may set fort by answer as many defenses and counterclaims as
he may have. They shall eac be separately stated, and the several defenses shall
refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a manner by
which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-001090

90. The defendant may set forth in his answer, as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim, and set-off as he may have. Each must be separately stated and
numbered. and they must refer in an intelligible manner to the cause of action
which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-000540

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as man defenses and counterclaims as
e ma have. They shall eac _ be separately stated, and the several efenses shall
refer to the causes of action whichtheyare intended to answer, in a manner by
which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-000500

49. The defendant may set forth, by answer, as many defenses and coun ter-
claims as he may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several
defensesshall refer to the causes of action' which they are intended to
answer,'.in a manner. by which they may be intelliginy distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000520

49. The defendant may set forth by answer, as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have; they shall each be stated in a separate paragraph, and numbered;
and shall refer to the cause of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-001130

100. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off as he may have. Each must be separately stated and
numbered, an they must refer in an intelligible manner to the cause of action
which they are intended to answer. â€”

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-000940

94. The answer shall contain : Fir st, A general or specific denial of each
material allegation of the petition controverted by the defendant. Second, A
statement of any newÂ· matter constituting a defense, counterclaim or set-off, or
a right to relief concerning the subjectÂ· of the action, in ordinary and concise
language, and without repÂ­ etition. Tldrd, When relief is sought, the nature
of the relief to which the defendant supposes himself entitled. The defendant
may set forth, in his answer, as many grounds of defense, counterclaim, set-
off, and for relief, as he may have, whether they be such as have been heretoÂ­
fore denominated legal, or equitable, or both. Each must be separately stated
and numbered, and they must refer, in an intelligible manner, to the causes of
action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-000530

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims
as be may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several defenses
shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly disÂ­ tinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-001200

102. The defendant may set forth-by answer as many defenses and counterclaims as
he may have, whether they be such as have been heretofore denominated legal, or
equitable or both. They must each be separately stated and numbered, and refer
to the cause of action which they are intended to answer, in such manner that
they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-000540

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several defenses
shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer in a
manner in which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-001100

102. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-of as he may have. Each must be separately stated and
numbered. and they must refer in an intelligible manner to the cause of action
which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-000510

49. The defendant may set forth by answer as man defenses and Counter claims as
he ma have. They shall eac be separately stated, and the several efenses shall
refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a man. ner
in which the may be intelliginy distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-003400

441. The defendant may set ,forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They must be separately stated, and the several defenses must
refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a manner by
which they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defendant may also answer one
or more of the several causes of action stated in the complaint and demur to the
residue. â€˜

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-000610

59. The defendant may set forth, by answer, as many defenses as he may have.
They shall each be separateÂ­ ly stated, and refer to the causes of action which
they are intended to answer, in any manner by which they may be inÂ­ telligibly
distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-000720

91. The defendant may set forth in his answer as Dim-rent w'<\, of defense.
many grounds of defense, counterclaim and set-on as he may have. Each must bo
separately stated and numbered, and they must refer in an intelligible manner to
the cause of action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-000470

49. The defendant may set forth, by answer, as many de fenses and counterclaims
as he may have. They shall each be separately stated, and the several defenses
shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer in a
manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000650

60. The defendant may set forth by answer, or -cross complaint, as many defenses
and counterclaims or setâ€”offs, as he may have, whether the subject matter of
such defenses be such as were heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both
â€”they shall each be separately stated; and the several defenses shall refer to
the causes of action which theyare intended to answer in a manner by which they
may be intelligibly distinguished.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-001870

5071. The defendant mav set forth in his answer as manv grounds of defense,
counterclaim, and set-off as he has, whether the)Â· are such as have been
heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both; he may claim therein relief
touching the matters in question in the petition against the plaintifff, or
against other defendants in the same action; and each must be separately stated
and numbered, and they must refer in an intelligible manner to the causes of
action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-004210

441. The defendant may set forth by answer as many defenses and counterclaims as
he may have. They must be separately stated, and the several defenses must refer
to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a manner by which
they may be intelligibly distin guished: The defendant may also answer one or
more of the several causes of action stated in the complaint, and demur to the
residue. Inconsistent defensesâ€”13 Cal. 623; Bell v. Brown,Z2 Cal. 678; 25 Cal.
31; 30 Cal. 192; 34 Cal. 39; 43 Cal. 264 ; 52 Cal. 565.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-002590

241. The defendant may set forth by answer as. many defenses and counterclaims
as he may have.} They must be separately stated, and the several defenses} must
refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in a manner by
which they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defendant may also answer; one
or more of the several causes of action stated in the. complaint and demnr to
the residue.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-002450

304. The defendant may set forth by answer is Ilany detnses and counter clains
as he may have. They must he separately stated, and the several defeinses must
refer to the (muses; of action which they are intended to answer, in a mnner by
which they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defiendant may also answer me
or more of the several causes of action stated in the complaint and demur to the
I'sidie or may demnur and answer at the same time.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000680

64. (60.) The defendant may set forth by answer or cross-complaint as many
defenses and counterclaims or set-offs, as he may have, whether the subject
matter of such defenses be such as was heretofore denominated legal or
equitable, or bothâ€”they shall each be separately stated; and the several
defenses shall refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer
in a manner by which they may be intelligibly distinguished. [Repllcatlom
demurrer to answerâ€”Cansesâ€”Tlme-Striking out.]

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-001070

121. The answer shall coltaiii- 1. A general or specific denial of eich
lMaterial allegation ol'the Cpetition coltroverted1 by the defll(lalit. 2. A
statemelit of all), new matter constituting a defense, counterclaim or set-
off, in ordiniary aid colcise language. Sic. 122. Tile defendaint may set forth
in his answer as many grounds of defemise, counterclaim, anm set-e Its he has,
whetler they are suchl as have beeni heretofore denominated legal or equitable,
or both ; lie may claim therein relief' touching the matters in question in
the petition against the plaintifff, or against otier defendants ill file same
action ; and each must be separately stated and numbered, and they must refer in
al intelhgible manner to the causes of action which they are intended to answer.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-001350

2458. The defendant may set forth in his answer as many grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off as he has, whether they are such as have been
heretofore denominated legal or equitable, or both; he may claim therein relief
touching the matters in question in the petition against the plaintifff, or
against other defendants in the same action; and each must be separatelv stated
and numbered, and they must refer in an intelligible manner to the causes of
action which thev arc intended to answer. [S. L. 1S86, ch. 60, & 122. R. S. O.,
Â§5071.] Requisites of counterclaim.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-001190

11. The answer shall contain: First, A general or specific denial of each
material allegation of the petition controverted by the defendant. Second, A
statement of any new matter constituting a defense, counterclaim or setoff, or
a right to relief concerning the subject of the action, in ordinary and concise
language, and without repetition. Third, When relief is sought, the nature of
the relief to which the defendant supposes himself entitled. The defendant may
set forth, in his answer, as many grounds of defense, counterclaim, setoff,
and for relief, as he may have, whether they be such as have been heretofore
denominated legal, or equitable, or both. Each must be separately stated and
numbered, and they must refer, in an intelligible manner, to the causes of
action which they are intended to answer*

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-002480

2972. Several defenses allowed. Answer and demurrer. The defendant may set forth
by answer as many defenses and counterclaims, legal or equitable, or both, as
be may have. They must be separately stated, and the several defenses must refer
to the causes of action which they are intended to answer in a manner by which
they may be intelligibly distinguished. The defendant may also answer one or
more of the several causes of action stated in the complaint and demur to the
residue, or may demur and answer at the same time. [C. L. Â§ 3230*. Cal. C. Civ.
P. J 441*. is permitted to plead as many defenses as he may Demurrer not waived
by filing answer and have, if, when the answer is verified, they be not demurrer
at same time, j! 31)04. May demur and contradictory. Burnham V. Call, 2 U. 433.
Equianswer at same time, J 2963. table as well as legal defenses may lie set
up ia Objection that defenses arc inconsistent, if not ejectment. Kalin v. Old
Telegraph Mining Co., 2 taken by demurrer or motion, is waived. Conway U. 174.
Steele v. Boley, 7 U. 04; 24 P. 755. v. Clinton, 1 U. 215. A defendant, under
our code

-----------------------------------------------


