Exemplar: NY1850-012510
Earliest: NY1850-012510
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 11817

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-012510

1152. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must be entered by the justice in his docket. A warrant of commitment
to the jail of the county until the fine be paid, or for the term of the
imprisonment, may then be issued. Such warrant must contain a transcript of the
entry in the docket; and the same must be executed by any constable to whom it
may be given, and by the jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-012340

1143. The conviction, specifying particularly the oifence and the judgment
thereon, must be entered by the justice in his docket. A warrant ofcommitment
to the jail of the county until the fine be paid, or for the term of the
imprisonment, may then be issued. Such warrant must contain a transcript of the
entry in the docket; and the same must be executed by any constable to whom it
may be given, and by the jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-009940

216. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must be entered in his docket; a warrant of commitment to the jail of
the county until the the fine be paid, or for the term of imprisonment, may then
be issued; such warrant must contain a transcript of the entry in the docket,
and the same must be executed by any constable to whom it may be given, and by
the jailor of the count '.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1857-001350

6. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment thereon,
must be entered in his docket. A warrant of commitment to the jail of the county
until the fine be paid, or for the term of imprisonment, may then be issued;
such warrant must ccntaina transcript of the entry in the docket, and the same
must be executed by any constable to whom it may be given, and by the jailor of
the county.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-007470

674. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must be entered in his docket. A warrant of commitment to the jail of
the county until the line he paid, or for the term of imprisonment, may then be
issued; such warrant must contain a transcript of the entry in the docket, and
the same must be executed by any constablg or sheriff to whom it may be given,
and by the jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-012020

1098. The conviction, specifyin particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must e entered in his docket; a warrant of commitment to the jail of
the county, until the line he paid, or for the term of imprisonment, may then be
issued; such warrant must contain a transcript of the entry in the docket, and
the same must be executed by any constable or sheriff to whom it may be given,
and by the jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-009330

201. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must be entered on his docket ; a warrant of commitment to the jail of
the county, until the fine be paid, or for the term of imprisonÂ­ ment, may then
be issued. Such warrant must contain a transcript of the entry in the docket,
and the same mnst be executed by any constable to whom it may be given, and by
the jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-010850

11. The conviction, specifying particularly the offense and the judgment
thereon, must be entered on-his docket; a warrant of commitment to the jail of
the county, until the fine be naid, or for the term of imprisonment, may then be
issued. Such warrant must contain a transcript of the entry in the docket, and
the same must be executed by any constable to whom it may be given, and by the
jailer of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


