Exemplar: MN1851-004500
Earliest: NY1850-010450
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 8944

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010450

952. If such consent be not given, at or before the report of sale, the court
must ascertain and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after
deducting expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be invested, for the
benefit of the person entitled to such estate, in dower, by the curtesy, or for
life; and must order the same to be deposited in court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004500

33. If such consent be not given at or before the report of sale, the court must
ascertain and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be invested for the benefit of
the person entitled to such estate ' in dower, by the curtesy, or for life, and
must order the same to be deposited in court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010280

943. If such consent be not given, at or before the report of sale, the court
must ascertain and determlne what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after
deducting expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be invested, for the
benefit of the person ,entitled to such estate, in dower, by the curtesy, or for
life; and must order the same to be deposited in court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005120

29. If such consent be not given, filed and entered, as pro. vided in the last
section, before the report of sale by the referees, the court shall ascertain
and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be invested for the benefit of
the person entitled to such estate for life or years, and shall order the same
to be paid to such party or deposited in court for him as the case may require.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004470

33. If such consent be not given at or before the report of sale, the court must
ascertain and determine what proportion of the proceeds of the sale, deducting
expenses, will be a just and reasonable sum to be invested for the benefit of
the person entitled to such estate in dower, by the curtcsy, or for life, and
must order the same to be deposited in court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005330

450. If such consent be not given, as provided in the last section, before the
report of sale the court shall ascertain and determine what proportion of the
proceeds of the sale, after deducting expenses, will be a just and reasonable
sum to be invested for the benefit of the person entitled to such estate for
life or years, and shall order the same to be deposited in court for that
purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005530

454. [450.] If such consent be not given, as pro1862. vided in the last section,
before the report of sale, the Where consent court shall ascertain and determine
what proportion of Egf1§ti¥§15.em_ the proceeds of the sale, after deducting
expenses, will gégfavﬂueol be a just and reasonable sum to be invested for the
bene ﬁt of the person entitled to such estate for life or years, and shall order
the same to be deposited in court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004710

427. If such consent be not given, as provided in the last preceding section,
before the report of sale, the court shall ascertain and determine what
proportion of the proceeds of the sale, after deducting expenses, will be .a
just and reasonable sum to be invested for the benefit of the person entitled to
such estate for life or years, and shall order the same to be deposited in court
for that urpose.

-----------------------------------------------


