Exemplar: NY1849-002550
Earliest: NY1848-002550
Documents in cluster: 32
Cluster ID: 11269

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-002550

191. The writ of injunction as a provisional remedy is abolished ; and anl
injunction, by order, is. substituted there- for. The order may be mate by the
court in which the ac- tion is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county
judge in the cases provided in the next section ; and when made by a judge may
be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-000760

1. The writ of injunction, as a provisional remedy, is abolished, and an
injunction, by order, is substituted therefore. The order _may be made ‘by
the circuit court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof, in
vacation; or, in cases hereinafter particularly specified, by the county court,
or any two justices thereof, in vacation.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-002550

218. The writ of injunction as a provisional remedy is abolished; and an
injunction, by order, is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the
court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county
judge, in the cases provided in the next section; and when made by a judge may
be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-001240

116. The writ of injunction as a provisional remedy is abolished, and an
injunction by order is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the Court
in which the action is brought or by a Judge thereof, or by a County Judge, in
the cases provided in the next section, and when made by a Judge may be enforced
as the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-007860

714. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. When granted as a provisional remedy, it is by order. The order
may be made by the court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof,
in the cases prescribed in the next section; and when made by a judge, may be
enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-002570

218. The writ of injunction as a provisional remedyis "abolished; and an
injunction, by order, is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the
court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county
judge, in the cases provided in the next section; and when made by a judge may
be enforced as the order of the court

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-001200

111. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. The order or writ, may be granted by the Court in which the
action is brought, or by a Judge thereof, or by a County Judge; and when made by
a Judge, may be enforced as the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-007710

707. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. When granted as a provisional remedy, it is by order. The order
may be made by the court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof,
in the cases prescribed in the next section; and when made by a judge, may be
enforced as the order of the court. .

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-001260

120. The writ of injunction may be in the form of an order as prescribed in this
act. The order may Le made way by the court in which the action is brought, or
by a judge foorrdmer thereof, or by a county judge or court commissioner, in the
cases provided in the next section; and, when made, may be enforced as the order
of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002060

1. The writ of order or injunction requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act may be granted by the circuit court, or by a judge thereof in
vacation, and when made by a judge may be enforced as the order of the court. 9.
tion.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001190

111. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. The order or writ may be granted by the court in which the
action is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county judge; and when made by
a judge may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001170

111. An injunction is a writ, or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. The order,‘or writ, may be granted by the court in which the
action is brought, or by the judge thereof, or by a probate judge; and when made
by ajudge, may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-002380

218. [191.] Injunction by order. The writ of injunction, as a provisional
remedy, is abolished, and an injunction by order is substituted therefore. The
order may be made by the court in which the action is brought, or by a judge
thereof, or by a county judge, in the cases provided in the next

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001190

111. An injunction is a writ, or order,\ requiring a person to refrain from a
particular set. The order, or writ, may be granted by the court in which the
action is brou‘ ht, or by the judge’ thereof, or by a probate judge; and w en
made by a Jud e, may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-002390

, and, when made by a judge, may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001120

111. An injunction is a writ or order requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. 'The order or writ may be granted by the court m which the
action is brought, or by a judge thereof, and when made by a judge, may be
enforced as the order of the court. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000890

82. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. The order or writ may be granted by the court in which the
action is brought, or by the judge thereof, or by the probate judge; and when
made by a judge may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-002080

171. The writ of injunction, as aprovisional remedy, is abolished, and an
injunction by order is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the court
in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof in the cases provided in
the next section, and, when made by a judge, may be enforced as the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-002150

188. The writ of injunction, as a provisional- remedy, is abolished, and an
injunction by order, is substituted therefore. The order may be made by any
Judge of 3 Superior Court, in the cases provided in the next section, and, may
be enforced as the order of the court. Upon such order it shall be issued by the
clerk of the court, in which the action ‘ is required to be tried.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001150

111. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. The order or writ may be granted by the court in which the
action is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county judge ; and when made
by a judge, may be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001200

111. An injunction is a writ or order requiring a person to refrain from a.
particular act. The order or writ may be granted by the Court in which the
action is brought, or by a Judge thereof, and, when made by a Judge, may be
enforced as the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-001840

167. An injunction by order of the court shall be equivalent to a ‘writ of
injunction, and may be substituted therefore. The order . may be made by the
judge of the court in which the action is brought, or by a county judge, in the
cases provided in the next section ; and when made by a judge, may be enforced
as the or.der of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001170

111. An injunction is a writ or order requiring a rson 'to refrain from
aparticular act. The order or writ may 3 granted by the Court 1n which the
action is brought, or by a Judge thereof, and, when made by' a Judge, may be
enforced as the 'order of the Court. ' ' ‘

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004080

525. An injunction is a writ or order requiring a person to refrain from a
particular act. It may be granted by the Court in which the action is brought,
or by a Judge thereof, or by a County Judge; and when made by a Judge, it may be
enforced as the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-002210

218. [191.1 Writ of injunction abolished, and order substituted. The writ of
injunction as a provisional remedy is abolished ; and an in junction, by order,
is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the court in which the action
is brought, or by a judge thereof, or by a county judge, in the cases provided
in the next section ; and when made by a judge may be enforced as the order of
the court.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-002000

188. The writ of injunction, as a provisional remedy, is abolished, and an
injunction by order is substituted therefore. The order may be made by the court
in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof in the cases provided in
the next section, and, when made by a judge, may be enforced as the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-005050

525. An injunction is a writ or order requiring a per son to refrain from a
particular act. It may be granted by the court in which the action is brought,
or by a judge thereof ; and when made by a judge, it may be enforced as an
order of the court. [In effect, March 9th, 1880.] Injunction generally—form
of, 10 Cal. 347 : definition, see Writ, sec. 51n, and Order, sec. 1003 : scope
and function of, sec. 526n : kinds of, aeeinfra: receiver at same time, 28 Cal.
577, sec. 564: disobedience to, is contempt, sees. 1209, 1210: limitations, how
affected by,sec. 356: pro ceedings to obtain, sees. 527 to 531 : vacating or
modifying, sees. 532, 533. Injunction, kinds of—provisional or preliminary, also
called tem porary, sec. 525 ft teq., sec. 526, subds. 2 and 3, including Interim
injunc tion, sec. 530n: permanent or final, (Including limited and perpetual)

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-003330

309. An injunction is a writ or order requir,ing a person to refrain from a
particular act. It may be oranted by the Court in which the action is brought,
or by a Judge thereof, and when made by a Judge, it may be enforced as the order
of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003150

397. An injunction is a writ or order, requiring d' a lpr eon to refrain from
a partiular act. The order or writ inay he granted by the court in which the
action is brouelht, or by a judge thereof, and when made by a judge, iayle
enforced ats the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-002340

4984. The writ of injunction, as a provisional remedy is .abolished, and an
injunction by order is substituted tl1erefor. 'The order may be made by the
court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof in the cases
provided in the next -section, and, when made by a judge may be enforced as the
-order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-004560

870. An injunction is an order requiring a person to refrain from a particular
act. The order may be granted by the court in which the action is brought, or by
a judge thereof, and when made by a judge be enforced as the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-003800

3057. Injunction defined. Granted by court or judge. An injunc tion is a writ or
order requiring a person to refrain from a particular act. The writ or order may
be granted by the court in which the action is brought, or by a judge thereof,
and when made by a judge may be enforced as the order of the court. [C. L. §
3299. Cal. C. Civ. P. § 525. the status quo until decision made in the supreme
When judge may hearex parte applications from court of the United States.
Bullion-B. & Chamanother district, (> 680. Power of judge at cliam- pion Mining
Co. v. Eureka Hill Mining Co., 5 V. bers. H 682, 712. Original jurisdiction
in district 182; 12 P. 660. court. Con. art. 8, sec. 7; #670. Maybe issued and
Injunction may be mandatory. Henderson v. served on legal holiday, j> 701. Ogden
City Ey. Co., 7 U. 199; 26 P. 286. ParagooThe supreme court of Utah territory
possessed nah F. & C. Co. v. Edwards, 9 U. 477; 35 P. 437. the power to make
an orderof injunction preserving When the court, inallowing an appeal and super
sedeas, has expressly refused to suspend the injunc tion appealed from, it may
punish a hreach of said injunction pending appeal. In re Whitmore, 9 U.

-----------------------------------------------


