Exemplar: MN1859-000860
Earliest: NY1849-001980
Documents in cluster: 25
Cluster ID: 9009

-----------------------------------------------

NY1849-001980

166. In action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good, without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-007290

662. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained for doing
damage, an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was
lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and
that the property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, is sufficient
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000830

82. In an action to recover the possession of property dis- trained doing
damage, an answer that the defendant or person, by whose {M command he acted,
was lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made,
and that the property distrained was, at the time, doing damage thereon, shall
be good without setting forth the title to such real property. _ .

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-002000

166. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time 1 doing damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-000850

89. In an action to recover the possession ofproperty distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant, or person by Whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
pro erty distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shal be good without
setting forth the title of such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-007140

655. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained for doing
damage, an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was
lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and
that the property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, is sufhcient
without setting forth the title to such real property. . '

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-000860

63. In an action to recover the possession of property, dis- trained doing
damage, an answer that the defendant or person by command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real pro- upon which the distress was made, and that the
property dis- trained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-000670

63. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained, doing damage,
an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing the damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-000730

12 In an action to recover the possession of pro- distrained, doing damage, an
answer that the de- fendant or person by whose command he acted was law. folly
possessed of the real property upon which the dis- tress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000790

28. In an action to recover the possession of property distrnincd, doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
pl'opcrty distraiued was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000860

86. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person, by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was, at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001180

105. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good without
setting forth the title tot such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-001010

90. In an action to recover the possession of property, distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good, without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-001810

166. In actions to recover property distrained for damage, an swer need not set
forth title. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing
damage, an answer, that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted,
was lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made,
and that the property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be
good, without set ting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-001490

119. In an action~~to recover the possession of property distrained doing
damage, an answer, that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was
lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and
that the property distrained was. at the. time doing damage thereon, shall be
good, without settingforath the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-001320

116. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that
the property distrained was at that time doing damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-001170

189. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good, without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-001670

166. In actions to recover property distrained for damage, answer need not set
forth title. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing
damage, an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was
lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and
that the property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be
good, without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-000800

76. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defand­ ant or person by whose command he acted, was la wf
ully pos­ sessed of the real property upon which the distress was made. and that
the property distrained was at the time doing the damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-001470

135. In an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and' that the
property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good, without
setting forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-001750

4931. In a11 action to recover the possession of property distrained doing
clamage, an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he actecl was
lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and
that the property distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be
good, without setting forth the t.itle to such real property,

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-001140

41. In an action to recover the possession-of property distrained doing damage,
an answer that the defendant, or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully
possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that
the property distrained was -at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good,
without setting forth the title of such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-001240

92. [90.] Though he fails in justiﬁca- 9 of demurrer: lVewman v. Otto, 4 Sand.
668; Van Benschoten v. Yaple, l3 How. Pt. 97; nor of a. motion to strike out
or make deﬁnite and certain: Mard zekv. Cauldwell, 2 Rob. 715; Smith v. Trq/
ion, 3 Id. 709; but see Dolevin v. Wilder, 7 Id. 319; Van Bmsdwten v. Yaple,
13 How. Pr. 97. In an action to recover the possession of og.n.1ss2. property,
distrained doing damage, an answer that the Answer in ac defendant or person
by whose command he acted was tlonto recover roperty dis lawfully possessed of
the real property upon which the lined distress was made, and that the property
distrained was at the time doing damage thereon, shall be good without setting
forth the title to such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-001930

187. In an action to recover the possession of property Answerinacdistrained
doing damage, an answer that the defendant, or per- proper t^°disson by whose
command he acted, was lawfully possessed of the ^ned'ordamreal property upon
which the distress was made, and that the ibTT8itsu. property distrained was at
the time doing damage thereon, shall be good, without setting forth the title to
such real property.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-000940

83. In an action to recover the possession of property dis- ‘ trained doing
damage, an answer that the defendant or lperson by whose command he acted was
lawfully ssessed of the rea property upon which the distress was made, ancixthat
the pro erty distrained was at the time doin damage thereon, shall be goo
without setting forth the title to sue real property.

-----------------------------------------------


