Exemplar: CA1858-003150
Earliest: NY1850-010480
Documents in cluster: 26
Cluster ID: 2184

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010480

955. In all cases of sales in partition, when it appears that a married woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of the property divided or sold, or that
any person has a vested or contingent future right or estate therein, the court
must ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contingent
or vested right .or estate, according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorships, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of
the sale to be invested, secured, or paid over in such manner, as to protect the
rights and interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003210

293. In all cases of sales when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the Court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent, or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such pr0portion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004530

36. In all cases of s es in partition, when it appears that a married woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of _the property divided or sold, or that
any person has a vested or contingent future fght or estate therein, the court
must ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contin ent,
or vested right or estate, according to the principles of law app icable to
annuities and survivor_Ii|ipI, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds
of the sale to be "Waited, secured or paid over in such manner as to protect the
rights and interests of the parties. _ .

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010310

946. In all cases of sales in partition, when it appears that a_ married woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of the ‘property divided or sold, or that
any person has a vested or contingent future right or estate‘ therein, th ecourt
must ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contingent,
or vested right or estate,‘according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorships, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of
the sale to be invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner, as to protect
the rights and interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005140

31. In all cases of sales in partition, when it shall appear that any person has
a vested or contingent future right, or estate in any part of the property sold,
the court shall ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent
or vested right or estate, according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorship, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds
of sale to be invested, secured or paid over in such manner, as to protect the
rights and interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003150

293. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent, or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004500

36. In all cases of sales in partition, when it appears ' that a married woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of the property divided or sold, or that
any person has a vested or contingent future right or estate therein, the court
must ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contingent
or vested right or estate, according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorships, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of
the sale to be invested, secured or paid over in such manner as to protect the
rights and interests of. the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007470

690. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner'as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005360

453. In all cases of sales in partition, when it appears that a married Woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of the property sold, or that any person
has a vested or contingent future right, or estate therein the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contingent
or vested right or estate, according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorship, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds
of sale to be invested, secured or paid over in such manner, as to protect the
rights and interests of the parties. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007710

709. In all cases of sale, when it appears that any person s a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the pro ortional value of such contin ent or vested right
or estate, an shall direct such proportion o the proceeds of the sale to be
ixtigested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect e ri hts and
interests of the arties.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002960

295. In all cases of sales when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to.be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005650

521. In all cases of sale where it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent interest, right, or estate, in the future, in any of the property
sold, the court shall ascertain and settle the proportional value of such
contingent or vested interest, right, or estate, and shall direct such
proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be invested, secured, or paid over, in
such manner as to protect the rights and interests of parties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-002980

293. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent, or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the righte and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003210

295. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person ' has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the prOperty sold, the Court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the sale to be invested, secured
or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and interests of the
parties. _

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003160

293. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any. person has a'vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the Court shall
ascertain and settle the prpiportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, an shall direct such prOportion of the sale to be invested, secured
or paid over, in .such manner as to protect the rights and interests of the
arties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006130

781. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the Court must
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002480

295. Tn all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such con tingent or vested right
or estate, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006030

577. In all cases of sales, where it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the prop erty sold, the court must
ascertain and settle the proportionate value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds, of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008550

781. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court must
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005590

516. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent future right or estate in any of the property sold, t e Court must
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested right
or estate, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be
invested, secured, or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-005110

166. In all ase of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contilngent future right or astate ill aiy of the property sold, the court must
ascertain and settle the prolortional value of stuch contingent or vested right
or estate, aid mustdi1re ct sueh pro)ortioll of' the proceeds of the sfile to be
Iivestled, secured or paid over, ill such ilaim er as to protect the rights and
intecrruts of' the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007150

5391. In all cases of sales, wl1.e1"e. it appears that any person has a vested
01" contingent future 1 .. ight or estate 111 any of the property sold, the
court must ascertain and s·ettle the proportionate value of such contingent or
vested rigl~t or estate, and must direct such proporfion of the proceeds of the
sale to be invested, secur .. ed, 01 .. paid over, i11 such manner as to protect
the rights and interests of the parties. .

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005560

457. [453.] In all cases of sales in partition, when it appears that a married
woman has an inchoate right of dowcr in any of the property sold, or that any
person has a vested or contingent future right or estate therein, the court
shall ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate, contingent,
or vested right or estate, according to the principles of law applicable to
annuities and survivorship, and shall direct such proportion of the proceeds of
sale to be invested, secured, or paid over Oct. 11,1862, 9 454. Terms of sale.
OCY. 11, 1862, in such manner as to protect the rights and interests of the
parties.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007550

1376. In all cases of sales, when it appears that any person has a vested or
contingent or future right or estate in any of the property sold, the court
must ascertain and settle the proportional value of such contingent or vested
right or estate, and must direct such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to
be invested, secured or paid over, in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012950

3551. Future or contingent interests to be protected. In all cases of sales,
when it appears that any person has a vested or contingent or future right or
estate in any of the property sold, the court must ascertain and settle the
proportional value of such contingent or vested right or estate, and must direct
such proportion of the proceeds of the sale to be invested, secured, or paid
over, in such manner as to protect the rights and interests of the parties. [C.
L.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004740

430. In all cases of sales in partition, when it ap ears that a married woman
has an inchoate right of dower in any of t e property sold, or that any person
has a veste or contingent future right or estate therein, the court shall
ascertain and settle the proportional value of such inchoate. contin ent, or
vested right or estate according to the rinciples of law app icable to annuities
and survivorship, and shall 'rect such proportion of the proceeds of sale to
beinvested, secured, or paid over in such manner as to protect the rights and
interests of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


