Exemplar: OR1854-002100
Earliest: NY1850-008610
Documents in cluster: 31
Cluster ID: 16794

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-008610

781. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers,
(except depositions,) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such parts of public records or private documents, given in, evidence,
as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having
them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of the testimony or
other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves or any of them, but none
taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-001830

167. Upon retiring for deliberation the Jury may take with them i all papers
(except depositions), which have been received as evidence in 7 the cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the 1 Court, to be taken
from the person having them in possession : and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves,
or any of them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-001940

25. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such parts of public records or private documents, given in evidence,
as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having
them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of the testimony, or
toher proceedings on the trial, taken by thsemselves or any of them, but none
taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-008460

774. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such parts of public records or private documents given in evidence,
as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having
them in possession ; and they may also take with them notes of the testimony or
other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves or .. any of them, but none
taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-002100

16. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them the pleadings
in the cause, and all papers (except depositions) which have been received as
evidence on the trial, or copies of such parts of public records or private
documents given in evidence as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be
taken from the person having them in possession. They may also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the trial taken by themselves,
or any of them; but none taken by any other person, except by consent of the
parties.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-002050

195. Upon retiringfor deliberation, the jury may take with them the pleadings in
the cause, and all papers which have been received as evidence on the trial, or
copies of such parts of public records or private documents given in evidence as
ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having them
in possession.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002880

13. Upon retiring for deliberation, .the jury may take with them the pleadings
in the cause, and all papers (except depositions) which have been received as
evidence on the trial, or copies of such parts of public records or private
documents given in evidence as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be
taken from the person having them in possession. They may also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves,
or any of them, but none taken by any other person, except by con­ sent of the
parties.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001800

167. Upon retiring for deliberation the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions,) which have been received as evidence in the cause ; or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken
from the person having them in possession; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves,
or any of them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-001980

25. Upon (Upontreitinngrfor )iieli1l1)eii1atipn, th: jury may téllle wi iem
papers excep eposi ions w ic ave een receive as evidence the cause: or copies of
such parts of public records or private documents, given in evidence, as ought
not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having them in
possession; and they may also take with them notes of the testimony, or other
proceedings on the trial, ta(l§%n)byé them)5l{vkesi or ziay ofhthem, lipt nonpi
tagifféil lily lalpy otther petiilson.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001450

129. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them the pleadings
in the cause, and all papers (except depositions) which have been received as
evidence on the trial, or copies of such parts of public records, or private
documents given in evidence, as ought not in the opinion of the court, be taken
from the person having them in possession. They may also take with them notes of
the testimony or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves or any of
them; but none taken by any other person, except by consent of the parties.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001790

167. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken
from the person having them in possession; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves
or any of them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-002370

202. Upon returning for deliberation, the jury may take with them the pleadings,
in the cause, and all papers which have been received as evidence on the trial,
(except depositions;) or copies of such parts of public records or private
documents given in evidence as ought not, in the opinion of the court to be
taken from the person having them in possession. They may also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the trial taken by themselves, or
any of them, but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001800

167. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the case, or co
ies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to e taken from
the person having them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of
the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves or any of
them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001700

169. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the . cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court,. to be taken
from the person having them in possession; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the trial taken by themselves, or
any of them; but none taken by any other per. son.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001510

139. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them the
instructions of the court, and all papers—except depositions—which have been
received as evidence in the case, or copies of such papers as ought not in the
opinion of the court to be taken from the person having them in possession. And
they may also take with them notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the
trial, taken by themselves, or any of them, but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001710

167. Upon retiring for deliberation the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions), which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken
from the person having them in poeseesiou ; and they m11y also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves,
or any of them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001850

169. A Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the 7opinion of the Court, to be taken
from the person having them in possession ; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves
or any of them; i but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001810

168. Upon retirin fer de beration,the 'ury may take with them all papers except
depositions) w 'ch have beenreceived as evidence in t e cause, or copies 0f
such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the Court, to be taken from the
person having them 1n possession; and they may also take with them notes of the
testimony, or other roceedin s on the trial, taken by themselves or any of them;
ut none ken by. any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004750

612. Upon retiring for deliberation the jury may take with them all papers which
have been received as evidence in the cause, except depositions, or copies of
such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the Court, to be taken from the
person having them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of the
testimony or other praaeedings on the trial, taken by themselves or any, wthem,
but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-002220

211. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them the pleadings
in the cause, and all papers which have been received as evidence on the trial,
(except de­ positions.) or copies of such parts of the public records or private
documents given in evidence, as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be
taken from the person having them in possession.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-001410

169. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
(except depositions) which have been received as evidence in the cause, or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken
from the person having them in possession; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the trial taken by themselves, or
any of them; but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001900

172. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
except depositions, accounts oraccount books, which have been received as
evidence in the case, or copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of
the court, to be taken from the person having them in possession; and they may’
also take with them notes of the testimony, or other proceedings on the trial,
taken by themselves or any of them, but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-002650

252. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
which have been received as evidence in the cause, except depositions, or copies
of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the
person having them in pos session; and they may also take with them notes of
the testimony or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves, or any of
them, but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-006290

612. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jurymaytake with them all papers
which have been received as eviCode Civ. Proc—19. denoe in the cause, except
depositions or copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court,
to be taken from the person having them in possession; and they may also take
with them notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the trial, taken by
themselves, or any of them, but none taken by any other person. Inspection of
documents—by, 36 CaL 168.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-004070

376. Upon retiring for deliberation the jury may take with them all papers
which have been received as evidence in the cause, except depositions, or copies
of such papers as ought not, in the o inion of the Court, to betaken from the
person having them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of the
testimony or other proceedings on the trial, taken by themselves or any of them,
but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003800

487. Upon retiring for deliberation, the Jury In)iainy take with them all
paper.s (except depositions)) w% hlcich have been received as evidence in tie
cause, or copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court,
to be taken from the person having them in possession, and they may also take
with them notes of file testimony, or other proceedings on file trial, taken by
themselves or any of them, but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-003140

5052. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
which have been received as evidence i11. the cause, except depositions or
copies of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken
from the person ha v- ing them in possession; and they may also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings 011 the tr .. ial taken by themsel
ves, .or any of them, but none taken by any other person,

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-002560

204. [202.] Upon retiring for deliberation, the $3)-L11.m2 jury may take with
them the pleadings in the cause, and wmpapm all papers which have been received
as evidence on the My my take trial (except depositions), or copies of such
parts of public records or private documents given in evidence as ought not, in
the opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having them in possession.
They may also take with them notes of the testimony or other pro ceedings on
the trial taken by themselves, or any of them, but none taken by any other
person. Taking evidence to jury-room. that it was read: Bronson v. Metro’ ,
l Disn. 21; but the contrary may the supreme court of California, in shown by
the aﬂidavits of the jurors: construing a. provision similar to this Hackley v.
Hastie, 3 Johns. 252; dior —In People v. Cochran, 61 Cal. 548, one, say t rat
the section is not men datory, and the court may refuse to ria v. Howe, 36 Iowa,
490. If read by the jury, or if not shown other allow a diagram to go into the
jury wise, the will be ground for setting roorn. ‘Vhile it is not erroneous to
aside the verdict: Sheuﬂ v. Gray, 2 sllow jury to take written charge to Yestes,
273; Foster v. ll[c0'Ble1|is, 18 the jury-room (Hurley v. State, 29 Mo. 88; but
this a. plies only if the Ark. 17; State v. Tomplins, 71 M0. papers were taken
y or sent to the 613}, it is said to be bad rectice to jury at the instance of
the successful allow it to be done: S1m'U?v. Lawns party, for the losing party
is not prejudiced by the taking of improper da€;,}](i Or. 79. h b _ I ' ercapa
er as nnpro ery taken by the jpury, the een presumptilbn is papers at his own
suggestion: Alcott v. Boston S. F. M. Co., 11 Cush. 91. After the jury have
retired for delibera11,1862, tion, if there be a disagreement between them as to
any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed of any point of law
arising in the case, they may require

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-005700

1083. Upon retiring for deliberation, the jury may take with them all papers
which have been received as evidence in the cause, except depositions or copies
of such papers as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be taken from the
person having them in possession; and they may also take with them notes of the
testimony or other proceedings on the trial taken by themselves or any of them,
but none taken by any other person.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-005430

3154. What papers may be taken to jury room. Upon retiring for deliberation,
the jury may take with them all papers which have been received as evidence in
the cause, except depositions, or copies of such papers as ought not, in the
opinion of the court, to be taken from the person having them in possession, and
they may also take with them notes of the testimony or other proceedings on the
trial, taken by themselves or any of them, but none taken by any other person.
[C. L. § 3365. Cal. C. Civ. P. I (il2.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-002110

194. Upon retiring for deliberation the Lury may take with them the pleadings
in the cause, and all papers whic have been received as evidence on the trial
(except depositions, or copies of such parts of public records or private
documents given in evidence as ought not, in the opinion of the court, to be
taken from the person having them in possession). They ma also take with them
notes of the testimony or other proceedings on e trial taken by themselves, or
any of them, but none taken y any.other person.

-----------------------------------------------


