Exemplar: NV1861-006060
Earliest: NY1850-012390
Documents in cluster: 18
Cluster ID: 10790

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-012390

1140. The justice elected to fill a vacancy, or when elected, chosen by lot to
fill a vacancy for less than a full term, is deemed the successor of the justice
whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a full
term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
town, from that time is deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-006720

609. The Justice elected to fill a vac'andf shall be deemed the successor of the
Justice whose oliice became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a
full term satires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
township, or city, from that time shall be deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-012220

1131. The justice elected to ill] a vacancy, or when elected, chosen by lot to
till a vacancy for less than afull _term, is deemed the Successor of the justice
whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a full
term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
town, from that time is deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-006620

609. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the suc- cessor of
the justice whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term.
When a full term expires, the same or another person elected to take oilige in
the same township, or city, from that time shall be deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-006060

549. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be ‘ deemed the successor of
the justice whose office became vacant‘ before the expiration of a full term.
When a full term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in
the same township, or city, from that time shall be deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-006230

564. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the successor of the
justice whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a
full term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
township, or cit , from that time shall be deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-006120

611. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the successor of the
justice whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. VV’hen
a full'term expires, the same or another person elected to take oiiice in the
same precinct or village, from that time shall be deemed. the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-006730

624. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the successor of the
justice whose oiiice became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a
full term expires the same or another person ebcted to take oilice in the same
township or city from that time shall deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-006080

609. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the successor of the
justice whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When &
full term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
town­ ship, or city, from that time shall be deemed the succeseor.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-006200

567. The Justice elected or appointed to Fill a vacancy shall he. {hemmed tlw
samwssor of the Justice whose office became vacant before the t'XiJll‘itllUll of
a full term. When a full term expires, the same 01' another [.wrscn elected to
take the office in the same township, precinct 01' city from that time shall be
deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-006160

565. The Justice elected or a pointed to fill a vacanc , shall be deemed the
successor o the Justice whose office ecame vacant before the expiration of a
full term. ' When the full term expires, the same or another person elected
to take the office in the same precinct, from that time shall be deemed the
successor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007410

917. The Justice elected to fill a vacancy is the successor of the Justice whose
office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a full term
expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same township
or city, from that time is the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-004900

611. The justice elected to fill a vacancy shall be deemed the successor of the
justice whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a
full term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
precinct or village, from that time shall be deemed the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-010000

917. The justice elected to fill a vacancy is the suc cessor of the justice
whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. "When a full
term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
township or city, from that time is the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-006780

628. The justice elected to fill a vacancy is the snc-= ccssor of the Justice
whose office became vacant before} the expiration of a full term. When a full
term expires,‘ the same or another person elected to take office in the same
precinct or city, from that time is the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-006140

811. The justice elected or appointed to fill a vacancy, is file successor of
the justice whose office became aeant before the expiration of a full term. When
I fal term expires, the same or another I)erson elected to take tie office ill
file same )recinct or city, f'om that time is the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-009340

1666. The justice elected to fill a vacancy is the successor of the justice
whose office became vacant before the expiration of a full term. When a full
term expires, the same or another person elected to take office in the same
township, town or city, from that time is the successor.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-016760

3763. In case of vacancy, etc. The justice elected or appointed to fill a
vacancy is the successor of the justice whose office became vacant before the
expiration of a full term. When a full term expires, the same or another person
elected to take the office in the same precinct or citv, from that time is the
suc cessor. [C. L. § 3622. Cal. C. Civ. P. ? 917*.

-----------------------------------------------


