Exemplar: NY1850-011690
Earliest: NY1850-011690
Documents in cluster: 17
Cluster ID: 11781

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-011690

1070. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear; after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, but are not bound to remain longer than
that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice, being present, is
actually engaged in the trial of another action, or of a special proceeding. In
such case, he may postpone the time of appearance until the close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-011520

1061. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear, after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, but are not bound to remain longer than
that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice, being present, is
actually engaged in the trial of another action, or of a special proceeding. In
such case, he may postpone the time of appearance until the time of mch trial.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-007970

19. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear after the time
mentioned in the summons for appear‘ance, but are not bound to remain longer
than that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice being
present, is engaged in the trial of another cause. In such .case, the justice
may postpone the time of appearance untll the close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-005910

42. The parties shall be entitled to one hour in which to make their appearance,
after the time mentioned in the summons for appearance, but shall not be
required to remain longer than that time, unless both parties appear; and the
justice, being present, is actually engaged in the trial of another action or
proceeding; in such case, he may postpone the time of appearance, until the
close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008190

22. The parties shall be entitled to one hour in which to make their appearance
after the time mentioned in the summons for appear­ ance, but shall not be
required to remain longer than that time, unless both parties appear, and the
justice being present, is actually engaged in the trial of another action or
proceeding ; in such case, he may postpone the time of appearance until the
close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-005010

448. The parties, in all actions, shall be entitled to one hour in which to
make their appearance, after the time mentioned in the summons for appearance;
but shall not be required to remain longer than that time, unless both parties
appear, and the justice being present is actually engaged in the trial of
another action or proceeding in such case he may postpone the time of appearance
until the close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-010080

916. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear, after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, but are not bound to remain lon er than
that time, unless both parties have appeared, an the justice being present, is
engaged in the trial of another cause. In such case, the justice ma 3-postpone
the time of appearance until the close of such tri

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-007490

17. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear, after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, or to which the case is adjourned,
but are not bound to remain longer than that time, unless both parties have
appeared, and the justice, being present, is engaged in the trial of another
cause. In such case the justice may postpone the time of appearance until the
close of such trial. ARTICLE I 18. Causes for arrest ; affidavit. 19. Order DlAY
accompany summons. 20. Undertaking or plaintifff'. it. Order shall be delivered
to whom; shall state what. n. Bow executed. 23. Proceedings after arrest.
ARTICLE III. Arrut and bail. S t4. Defendant not to bo kept In custody in case
of continuance, unless, &c. t:s. Counter-affidavit; defendant discharg­ ed,
when. 26. 188uing of order of arrest after judg· ment; affidavit. S'l. Order to
be dellvered to whom; shall require what.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006750

850. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear after the time
fixed in the summons, but are not bound to remain longer than that time, unless
both parties have appeared, and the Justice being present is engaged in the
trial of another cause.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-018000

6482. The parties are entitled to one hour ill which to appear, after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, but are not bound to remain longer than
that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice being present is
engaged in the trial of another cause; in such case, the justice may postpone
the time of appearance until the close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-009290

850. When all the parties served with process shall have appeared, or some of
them have appeared, and the remaining defendants have made default, the justice
must fix a day for the trial of said cause, and notify the plaint iff and the
defendants who have appeared, thereof. The parties are entitled to one hour in
which to appear after the time fixed in the said notice, but are not bound to re
main longer than that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice,
being present, is engaged iu the trial of another cause. [Approved April 3rd,
1876.] Time of trial—sec. 873 et seq.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-006070

561. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to a pear after the time
fixed in the summons, but are not und to remain lon r than that time unless both
parties have appeared, an the Judge or Justice being present,°is engaged in the
trial of another cause.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-014590

6057. The parties ar .. e entitled to one hour inwhich to ap­ pear after the
time fixed in the summons, but are not bound to .. remain longer than that time
unless both parties have appeared, and the justice, being present, is engaged in
the trial of another- cause. .

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-009150

8. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear after the time fixed
in the summons but are not 'bound to‘ remain longer than that time unless both
parties have appeared, and the justice, being present, is engaged in the trial
of another cause. ARTICLE 4.--—PLEADINGS.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-008630

17. The parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear, after the time
mentioned in the summons for appearance, or to which the case is adjourned,
but are not bound to remain longer than that time, unless both parties have
appeared, and the justice, being present, is engaged in the trial of another
cause. In such case the justice may postpone the time of appearance until the
close of such trial.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-008500

1511. When all parties served with process shall have appeared, or some of
them have appeared, and the remaining defendants have made default, the justice
must fix a day for the trial of said cause, and notify the plaintifffs and the
defendants who have appeared, thereof. The parties are entitled to one hour in
which to appear after the time fixed in said notice, but are not bound to remain
longer than that time, unless both parties have appeared, and the justice, being
present, is engaged in the trial of another cause.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-015310

3684. Time of trial. Notice. Must appear within the hour. When all the parties
served with process or some of them have appeared, and the remaining defendants
have made default, the justice must fix a day for the trial of said cause
and notify the plaintifff and the defendants who have appeared, thereof. The
parties are entitled to one hour in which to appear after the time fixed by the
justice, but are not bound to remain longer than that time, unless both parties
have appeared, and the justice being present is engaged in the trial of another
cause. [C. L. § 3555. Cal. C. Civ. P. g aw.

-----------------------------------------------


