Exemplar: NY1851-004350
Earliest: NY1848-004240
Documents in cluster: 22
Cluster ID: 12196

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-004240

328. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceedings as provided in section 115,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned
to show cause why they should not be boudt by the judgment, in the same manner
as if they had been originally summened.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-004350

375. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon a contract, by uproceeding as provided in section one
hundred and thirty-six, gthose who were not originally summoned to answer the
complaint may be summoned to show cause why they should not be bound by the
judgment, in the same manner as if they had been originally summoned. V

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-001630

1. When a judgment shall he recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly or (jointly and severally indebted upon a contract, by proceedings as
provi ed in article V, section 14, those who were not originally summoned to
answer the petition, and who did not appear, may be summoned to show cause why
they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner as if they had been
originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-013200

1213. When a judgment is recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon an obligation, by proceeding as provided in section 632,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned
to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner
as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-004350

375. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as provided in section 136,
thosewho were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned
to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner
as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-006140

1. When a 'u ent is recovered against one or more of several rsons, jointly inde
ted upon an obligation, by proceeding as proVid by statute, those who were not
originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned to show cause why
they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner as if they had been
originally summoned. .

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-006260

641. When a jud ment shall be recovered against one or more persons joint y
indebted upon contract as provided in section 41, those who were not originally
summoned to answer the complaint ma be summoned to show cause why they should
not be boun by the judgment in the same manner as if they had been originally
summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-013020

1203. When a judgment is recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon an obligation, by proceeding as provided in- section 625,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned
to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the 1 same manner
as if they had been originally summoned. .

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-005120

441. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon contract, as provided in the foregoing Article, those who
were not originally cited to answer the complaint, may be cited to show cause
why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner as if they had
been originally cited.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-002780

978. When a judgment shall be recovered agatest one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract by proceeding as provided in section 41, those
who were not originally snmmoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned to
show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment in the same manner as if
they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-005970

1. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more persons jointly
indebted upon contract as provided in section fourteen of chapter eighty-one,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint may be summoned
to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment in the same manner as
if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-007310

1. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons,
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as provided in section eleven of
chapter one hundred ~i:;j~d;:t. and twenty-four. of the revised statutes; those
who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint may be summoned to show
cause why they should not be bound by the judgment in the same manner as if they
had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-006070

1. When a judgment is recovered against one or more of several persons, jointly
indebted upon an obligation, by proceeding as provided by statute, those who
were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, may be summoned to show
cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner as if
they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-004190

3Y5. [328.] (Am' d 1849.) Parties, not summoned in action on joint contract,
may be summoned after judgment. When a judgment shall be recovered against one
or more of several persons jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as
provided in section 136, those who were not originally summoned to answer the
complaint may be summoned to show cause why they should not be bound by the
judgment, in the same manner as if they had been originally summoned. I 1 .-..
J . .

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-003680

297. When a judgment shall be recovered egaiiist one or more of several persons
jointly in-<,lebted_upon~a contract, by proceeding as provided in section 80,
those who were not originally sum !110’.'liZ'Cl to answer the complaint may be
summoned to show cause vuhy they should not be bound by the judgment, in the
same manner as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-003650

318. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract, by pro. ceeding as provided in section eighty-
seven, those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint may be
summoned to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same
manner as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-003310

311. When a judgment shall be recovered ‘against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as provided in section 87, those
who were originally summoned to answer the complaint may be summoned to show
cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same manner as if
they had been original y summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-003540

392. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as provided in Section one
hundred and fifty-nine, those who were not originally summoned to answer the
complaint ma be summoned to show cause why they should not be bound by the ju
gment, in the same manner as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-003800

375. [328.J (Am'd 1849.) Parties not summoned in action on joint contract, may
be summoned after judgment. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or
more of several persons, jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as
provided in

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-003810

136, those who were not originally summoned to answer tbe com plaint, may be
summoned to show cause why they should not be bound by the judgment, in the same
manner Vis if they had been origiually summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-004420

426. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract, by proceeding as provided in section 105,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, and did not
appear in the action, may be summoned to show cause why they should not be bound
by the judg ment, in the same manner as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-005310

5240. When a judgment shall be recovered against one or more of several persons
jointly indebted upon a contract, by p1~0- ceeding as provided i11 section 4901,
those who were not originally summoned to answer the complaint, and did not
appear in the action, may be summoned to show cause why they should not be bound
by the judgment, in the same manner as if they had been originally summoned.

-----------------------------------------------


