Exemplar: CA1858-000070
Earliest: NY1848-001310
Documents in cluster: 59
Cluster ID: 2144

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-001310

92. In tie case of an assignment of a  thin g .imne nat ction, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other tlefence cxisting at
the time of, or before no- tice of the assignment ; but this section shall not
apply to negotiable prommissory note or bill of exchange.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-000160

3. In case of an assignment ‘of a thing in action, the actionby the assignee
shall be without prejudice to an offset or other defense existing at the time
of, or before notice of the'assignment; but this section shall not apply to
bills of exehan e, nor to promissory notes for the payment of money expressed
on the face thereof, to be for value received, negoe tiable and payable without
defalcation. '

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-001370

112. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the ’action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set of or other defense existing at
the time of or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply
to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith,
and upon good consideration, before due. 1

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-000100

7. In case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the time
of, 'or before notice of, the assignment; but this section shall not apply to
a negotiable promissory note, or inland bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith and upon good consideration, before due. ,

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-006560

598. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the
time of, or before notice of, the assignment; but this section does not apply to
a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transferred in good faith and
upon good considerations, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-000070

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense, existing at the time
of, or before. notice of, the assignment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-001370

112. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be Without prejudice to any set-oii‘ or other defense existing
at the time of or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not '
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000290

28. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set off, or other defense existing at the
time, of or before notice of the assignment ; but this section does not apply
to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in ‘good faith
and upon good considerations, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-000080

6. When any action is brought by the assignee of a claimarising out of contract,
and not assigned by endorsement in writing, the assignor shall be ma e a
defendant, to answer as to the assignment, or his interest in the subject of the
action. And all actions by assignees shall be without prejudice to any set-off
or other defense existing at the time of, or before notice of the assi nment,
except actions on negotiable promissory notes an bills of exchange, transferred
in good faith and upon good consideration before due.‘

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-006410

591. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set—off or other defense existing at the
time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section does not apply to
a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration, before due. '

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-000340

26. In the case of an assignment of athing in action, the action by. the
assignee shall be without rejudice to any set-off or other defense now allowed:
but gins section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-000200

4. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-6ff or other defense existing at the time
of, or before notice of the as- signment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promis- sory note or bill of exchange transferred in good faith and
upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-000170

16. In case of an assigntment of a thing in action, the action of the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set off or other defense existing at the time
of or before notice of the assignment, but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration before duo.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-001020

4. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other de­ fence existing before
notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply to a negotiable
promissory note or bill of exchange, trans· ferred, in good faith and upon
valuable consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-000070

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense, existing at the time
of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000160

13. In case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action of the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set­ off or other defense existing at the time
of or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-000850

161. In case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assigned
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing before
notice. of the assignment ; but this section shall not apply to negotiable
instruments transferred in good faith and upon valuable consideration before
due.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-000550

50. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set off or other defense existing at
the time of, or before the notice of the assignment; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000290

28. In the case of an assignment of a thing in 1 action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set-off, or other defense existing at the
time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section does not apply to
a negotiable promissory note, or bill of . exchange, transferred in good faith
and upon good considerations, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-000400

33. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any setoff or other defense now allewed ;
but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-000340

25. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to ally set-off or other defense now
allowed; but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes,
or bills of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration,
before due.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-000050

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, 8 the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any; set-off or other defense, existing
at the time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-000300

28. In the case of‘ an assignment of athing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing
at the time of, or before notice of the assignmeat: but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transfered in good
faith and upon good considers» tion before due.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-000300

23. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense now allowed;
but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration, before due.
A _

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-000070

5. In the case of an assignment of the thin in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without preju 106 to any set-off or other defense, existing
at the time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-001210

112. [92.] (Am'd 1849.) Assignment of thing in action. In the case of an
assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee shall be without
prejudice to any set-off or other de fence existing at the time of, or before
notice of, the assignment ; but this section shall not apply to a negotiable
promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and upon good
con sideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-000060

5. In the case of 'an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense, existing
at the time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000050

5. In case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without any prejudice to a set off or other defense existing at the
time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply to
a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith and
upon good consideration, before due. 1

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-000350

31. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense now allowed;
but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, romissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in goo faith and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-000070

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set­ off or other defense, existing at the
time of, or before notice of, the assignment; but this section shall not apply
to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith,
and upon good consideration before due.·

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-000840

65. In the case of an assignment of a. thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at
the time of, or before notice of, the assignment ; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due. ’

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-000270

27. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action of the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense now allowed;
but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-000070

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense, existing at the time
of, or before notice of the assignment; but this Section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-000760

63. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing
at the time of or before notice of the assignment ; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-000540

135. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing
at the time of, or before notice of, the assignment; but this Section shall not
appl to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in goo
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-000060

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any setoff or other defense, existing at the time
o , or before notice of the assignment; but this Section shall not a plyto a
negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, trans erred in good faith, and
upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-000370

83. In the case of‘ an assignment offa thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-oil‘ or other defense, existing
at the time of, or before notice of assignment; but this section shall not apply
to a negotiable promissory note, or bill of exchange transferred in good faith,
and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-002810

368. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set-off, or other defense existing at the
time of, or before, notice of the assignment; but this section does not apply to
a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration, before maturity.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-001140

112. (Am'd 1849.) Assignment of a thing in action not to pre judice a defense.
In the ease of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-oil' or other defense existing at the time
of or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith, and
upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-000180

23. In case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense now allowed ; but
this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills of
exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consider ation, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-000100

5. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other de fense, existing at the
time of, or before notice of, the assignment; but this

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000040

4. In the case of an assignment of a thing in ,action,the action by the assignee
shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the
time of or before notice of assignment; but this section shall not apply to a
negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transferred in good faith and
upon good consideration before due. ,

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-000840

75. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at
the" time of, or before notice of, the assignment ; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-000110

shall not apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred
in good faith, and upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-001200

135. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the of a thing in 0
j» action. action by the assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off
or other defense existing at the time of, or before notice of, the assignment;
but this Section shall not apply to a negotiable pro missory note or bill of
exchange, transferred in good faith, and upon good consideration, before due.
Action by ex- sE0. 136. An executor or administrator, a trustee of an express
ecutor, trustee, . 1 *c. trust, or a person expressly authorized by statute, may
sue, without 6-182, 184, 9-3. joining with him the person for whose benefit the
action is proseCarroii v. still, cuted. A trustee of an express trust, within
the meaning of this

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-003240

368. In the case of an assignment of a thing in ac tion, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the
time of, or be fore, notice of the assignment; but this section does not apply
to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith
and upon good consideration, before maturity. Debt, as consideration for, 12
Cal. 18 Cal. 82, 127;6 21Cal.Cal.87;189.12 Generally, Cal.2592;509. Cal. Cal.
Judgment, Mil; 33 Cal. 525. Lease, Thing in action—defined, Civil Code, sec.
953. And see Choses in Action, sec. 367n. Set-off—17 Cal. 290, 515; 21 Cal. 79.
Notice of assignment—6 Cal. 270: 20 Cal. 516; Jones v. Chalfant, March 15th,
1880. Promissory notes—8 Cal. 260; 14 Cal. 94, 450.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-001980

183. In the case of an assignment of a thin in. action, the action b the
assignee 18 without preju icel to any set-off, or ot er defense existing at the
time of, or‘ before, notice of the assignment; but this section does not apply
to a negotiable romissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in g faith, and
upon good consideration, before maturity.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-001820

225. In tie ease of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to a' set oil' or other (lebnse, existing at the
tinie o' or 11 *L 0 * C., . before notice of the assignment; but this section
does not appily to a negotiable instrument transfcrretl in good fhith and upon
good consideration, before maturity.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-000390

33. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing
at the time of, or before notice of the assignment; but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith and upon good consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-000980

4871. In the case of a11 assignment of a thing 111 action, the action by the
assignee shall be ,v~thout prejudice to a~y se~­ off or other defense existing
at the time of, or before notice of, the assignment: but this section shall not
apply to a 11egot13:ble promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-000260

26. When any action is brought by the assignee of ‘a claim arising out of a
contract, and not assigned by indorsement in writing, the assignor shall be made
a defendant, if a resident of the Territory, to answer as to the assignment or
his interest in the subject of the action. And all actions by assignees shall
be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the time of or
before notice of the assignment, except actions on negotiable promissory notes
and bills of exchange, transferred in good-faith and upon good consideration
before due.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-000400

28. [28.] In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-oﬁ' or other defense existing at
the time of or before notice of the assignment; but this

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-001370

133. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, ^n^i^— the action of
the assignee shall be without prejudice to any set off or other defense existing
at the time of or before notice of the assignment ; but this Section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith, and upon good consideration, before due. In action by assignee of sealed
note against maker, defendant may set up debt due him by assignor before notice
of assignment as equitable defense, though pleaded by counterclaim, without
demand for judgment thereon.— Sullivanv. Blythe, 14 S. C, 621. So assignee of
share of distributee, who is surety on administration bond, takes subject to
his liability on such bond.—Bobo v. Vaiden, 20 S. C, 271. And assignee of bond
and mortgage takes subject to credits that should go on them.—Moffett v. Hardin,
22 S. C, 9. This Section does not apply where party moves to set off judgment
against him by a judgment he holds against the other party, when the judgment
against him has been assigned by the other party for value. —Simmons v. Reid, 31
S. C, 389. Actions by ex-

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-000370

27. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action of the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any setoff or other defense now allowed;
but this section shall not apply to negotiable bonds, promissory notes, or bills
of exchange, transferred in good faith and upon good consideration, before due.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-002880

571. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action by the
assignee is without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at the
time of, or before, notice of the assignment; but this Section does not apply to
a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good faith and
upon good consideration, before maturity.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-004830

2981. In case of the assignment of a thing in action, the .-action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off, counterclaim or other
cause of action or defense, Whether matured or not, if matured when pleaded,
existing in favor of ‘the defendant z Uainst the as-signor, before notice of the
assignment: but this shall not apply to negotiable instruments transferred in
good faith, and upon valuable consideration before maturity.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-000940

2903. Assignment of thing in action. Effect. In the case of an assignment of a
thing in action, the action by the assignee is without prejudice to any set-off
or other defense existing at the time of or before notice of the assign ment ;
but this section does not apply to a negotiable instrument transferred in good
faith and upon good consideration, before maturity. [C. L. S 3170. Cal. C. Civ.
P. \ 36S. by death or assignment, \ 2971. Title of iudor** Action not to abate
by death or transfer, j; 2920. of negotiable instrument transferred before
niatiiParty not to be deprived of benefit of cross-demand rity, 1580-1583.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-000290

26. In the case of an assignment of a thing in action, the action _by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existin
at the time of or before. notice of the assignment; but this section sha 1 not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange transferred in good
faith and upon valuable consideration before due.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-000350

92.) In the case of an assignment of a thing in ac tion, the action by the
assignee shall be without prejudice to any set-off or other defense existing at
the time of, or before notice of the assign ment : but this section shall not
apply to a negotiable promissory note or bill of exchange, transferred in good
faith and upon good considera tion before due.

-----------------------------------------------


