Exemplar: CA1858-003360
Earliest: NY1829-042110
Documents in cluster: 40
Cluster ID: 2186

-----------------------------------------------

NY1829-042110

If judgment be rendered upon the right of the person 80 averred to be entitled,
and the same be in favor of such person, be shall be entitled, after taking
the oath of office, and executing any official bond which may be required by
law, to take upon him the exe­ cution of the office ; and it shall he his duty
immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in such information, all the
books and pa· pers in his custody or within his power, belonging to the office
from which he shall have been ousted. ~ 3S. If such defendant shall ref use or
neglect to deliver over any such books or papers, pursuant to such demand, he
shall be deemed guilty of n misdemeanor; and the like proceedings shall be bad,
and with the like effect, to compel the delivery of such books and papers, as
are prescribed in the sixth Title of the fifth Chapter of the First Part of the
Revised Statutes. .

-----------------------------------------------


IN1843-020460

If judgment be rendered on the right of the person so averred to be entitled,
and such judgment be in his favor, a he shall be entitled, after taking the
oath of office and executing any official bond which may be required by law,
to take upon himself the execution of the duties of such office; and it She“ be
his duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in such information
all the books and papers in the custody of such defendant, or within his power,
belonging to the office from which he shall have been ousted. _

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-005110

437. If .the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled,.atter
taking the oathof cilice and ex. coating such otheial bond as may be required by
law, totake upon himself the execution .of the oEce, and it shall be his duty,
im,me_diately- thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action, all the
books and papers in his custody or within his power, belonging to the oilice,
from which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-017070

If judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so averred to be entitled,
and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after taking the
oath of office, and executing any official bond which may be required by law, to
take upon him the execution of the office; and it shall be his duty, immediately
thereafter, to demand of the defendant in such information, all the books and
papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to such office.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-011510

1053. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office, and it is his duty,
immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action, all the books
and papers, in his custody or within his power, belonging to the office.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003420

313. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, aner
taking the oath of odice, and executing such odicial bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the ofIice.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-005720

10. If the jud ent be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitleguilind the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the oiiice, and it is his duty
immediately thereafter to demand of the defendant in the action, all the books
and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the oHice.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-005110

437. If the judgment be rendered upon the rightef the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office, and it shall be hislduty,
immediately thereaher, to demand of the defendant in the action, all the boob
and papers, in his custody or within his power, belonging to the office, from
which he shall have been excluded‘ 3

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-011340

1044. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such oilicial bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office, and it is his duty,
immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action,a1l the books
and papers, in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005420

10. If judgment shldl be rendered upon the 'right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after taking the oath
of office, and executing such official bond as may be required by law, to take
upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-003410

341. If the judgment be rendered upon the rights of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office, and it shall be his duty
immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action, all the books
and papers, in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office from
which lie shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003360

313. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-013180

11. If the judgment be rendered upon the rights of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office: it shall be his duty
immediately thereafter to demand of the defendant in the action all the books
and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office from
which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-005660

10. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, 1 he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office, and it is his duty
immediately thereafter to demand of the defendant in the action, all the books
and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-002910

267. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of oilice, and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the of‘nce.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-004260

359. If judgment be given upon the right of the person, so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled to
the possession and enjoyment of such franchise, or to take upon himself the
execution of such oiiice, after qualifying himself therefore as required by law,
and to demand and’ receive the possession of all the books, papers and property
of whatever nature belonging thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003020

277. the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of oilice, and executin such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon%1imself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-004970

437. Assumption of office, &c, by relator, when judgment is in his favor. If the
judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be entitled, and
the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after taking the oath
of office, and executing such official bond as may be required by law, to take
upon himself the execution of the office ; and it shall be his duty, immediately
there after, to demand of the defendant in the action all the books and papers
in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office?' from which he
shall have been excluded. r^

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003160

315. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of oiiice, and executing such oiiicial bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-002620

245. If judgment be rendered upon the right of the person alleged to be
entitled, amkthe same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such oiiicial bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the duties of the office, and he may by action‘
recover the damages which he shall have sustained by reason of the usurpation of
the o$ce by the defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003180

313. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-004510

356. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in“ favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the odth of office, and executing such oilicial bond as may be required
bylaw, to take upon himself the execution ofthe office; and it shall be his
duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action all the
books and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office
from which he shall have been excluded.‘

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-004350

371. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond, as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office; and it shall be his
duty, immediately thereafter, .to demand of the defendant in the action all the
books and papers in his custody, or' Within his power, belonging to the office
from which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003500

323. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of offlce and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office. ‘ T

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003440

321. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such erson, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office an executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to takeupon himself the execution of the oiiice.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-003890

368. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be i11 favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such ofiieial bond as may be required
by law, to take upon l1imself the e.\’ecutinn of the office; and it shall be his
duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action all the
furniture, books, an_d papers i11 his custody, or within his power, belonging to
the oiiiee from which he shall have been excluded. If tl1e defendant refuse or
neglect to deliver such furniture, books, and papers, he may be punished as for
contempt of court, and may be further committed toail until he shall comply with
such demand or be discharged by t.he judge.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-004310

452. If the ju ent be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitle , and the same be in favor 0 such person, he shall'be entitled, after
takin the oath of office, and executing such othcial bond as may be require by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the officeii and it slliall be his
(hut , igmlegiateily thereafterilto demand of the defen ant in t e action a t e
oo an pa ers in is custody, or withinl h(i1s ower, belonging to the office from
which he shall have been exc u e .

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006380

806. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he will be entitled, after
taking the oath of oiiice and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-004420

437". Assumption of office, etc., by relator, when judgment is in his favor.
If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged lo lie
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself I ho execution of the office, and it si all be his
duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action all the
books and papers in his custody or within his power, belonging to the office,
from which he shall have ' een excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002570

315. If the judgment be rendered upon* the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond as may be required
by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-002980

263. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office. I

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-005630

538. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled, after
taking (he oath of office, and executing such official bond as may lie required
by law. to take upon him self the execution of the office; and it shall be his
duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action all the
books and pa pers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office
from which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008800

806, If the judgment'be rendered upon the right of the person so alleged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he will be entitled, after
taking the oath of office and executing such official bond as may be required by
law, to take upon himself the execution of the office.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005820

538. If the jud ment be rendered upon the right of the person so a leged to be
entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he will be entitled, after
taking the oath of oilice and executing such official bond as may be r uired by
law, to take upon himself the execution of t e oilice.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-002300

317. (262) In ev ery such case judgment may be rendered a >0€(l)l=1): right of
the defendant, and also upon the ri ht of the party so allege entitled, or only
upon the right of the defen ant, as justice shall reqtnre. take oath and give
bond.] . t-203.) If the jud gment l be rendered upon the T1531“ of ‘,2: person
so alleged to be entitled, and the same be in favor of such l’““’°“’ shall be
entitled, after taking the oath of oﬁice and executing such otliclﬁl l)f<i)iml
as may be reqmred by law, to take upon himself the execution

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-006740

5352. If the judgment be render .. ed upon the right of the­ person so alleged
to be entitled, and the same be i11 favor of such person he shall be entitled,
after taking the oath of office, and, executing such official bond as may be
required by law, to take­ upon himself the execution of the office; and it shall
be his duty immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action.
all the books and papers in his custody, or within his power,. belonging to the
office from which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1892-005400

(ill. Assumption of office, etc., by relator, when judg ment in his favor. C. C.
P., 8. 371. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the per son so alleged
to be entitled, and the same be in favor of such person, he shall be entitled,
after taking the oath of office, and executing such official bond as may be
required by law, to take upon himself the execution of the office ; and it shall
be his duty, immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action
all the books and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the
office from which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-004550

362. [359.] If judgment be given upon the right §>§9i1.m2. of the person so
alleged to be entitled, and the same be Judmentin in favor of such person, he
shall be entitled to the pos- ﬁggi session and enjoyment of such franchise,
or to take upon himself the execution of such oﬁice, after qualifying him self
therefore as required by law, and to demand and re ceive the possession of all
the books, papers, and property of whatever nature belonging thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-004490

433. If the judgment be rendered upon the right of the Assumption of offlc6*
4c. b v person so alleged to be entitled, and the same be in favor of such
relator. When person, he shall be entitled, after taking the oath of office, and
his favor. executing such official bond as may be required by law, to take //
>..,45Supon himself the execution of the office ; and it shall be his duty,
immediately thereafter, to demand of the defendant in the action all the books
and papers in his custody, or within his power, belonging to the office from
which he shall have been excluded.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-003820

344. If jud ment be given upon.the right of the person so alle ed to be
entit ed, and the same be in favor of such person, he sha be entitled to
the possession and enjoyment of such franchise, or to take upon himself the
execution of such office, after qualifying himself therefore as required by law,
and to demand and receive the possession of all the books, papers, and property
of Whatever nature elonging thereto._ '

-----------------------------------------------


