Exemplar: CA1872-015170
Earliest: NY1850-019040
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 2809

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-019040

1744. A transcript from the record, or docket, of a justice of the peace of a
sister state, of a judgment rendered by him, of the proceedings in the action
before the judgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscribed by the
justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next section, is admissible
evidence of the facts stated therein;

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-018050

1661. A transcript from the _record or docket of a justice of the peace of a
sister State, of a judgment rendered by him, of the proceedings in the action
before the judgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscribed by the
justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next section, is admissible
evidence of the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-008580

736. A transcript from the record or docket of a justice of the peace of a
sister state, of a judgment given by him, of the proceedings in the action or
proceeding before the judgment, and subsequent thereto, if any, verified in the
manner prescribed in the next section, is primary evidence of the facts stated
therein.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-015170

1921. A transcript from the record or docket of a Justice of the Peace of a
sister State, of a judgment rendered by him, of the proceedings in the action
before the judgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscribed by the
Justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next section, is admissible
evidence of the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-019860

1921. A transcript from the record or docket of a justice of the peace or a
sister State, of a judgment ren dered by him, of the proceedings in the action
before the judgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscribed by the
justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next section, is admissible
evidence of the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-009890

917. A transcript from ‘the record or docket of a Justice of the Peace of? a
sister State or Territory, of a judgment rendered by him, of the proceedings
in the action before the 'udgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscri
by the Justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next section, is
admissible evidence of the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-008740

1178. A transcript from the record or docket of a justice of' the peace of' a
State or other Territory, of a judgment rendered by hini of the proceedings in
the action before the judgm ent of the execution and return, if tiny, subscribed
6y file justice an(l verified in the manner preseril) ed in tfe next section, is
admissible evidence of file fhets stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-008880

746. [736.] A transcript from the record or docket Id--$7” Justice's of a
justice of the peace of a sister state, of a judgment judgment in other states
given by him, of the proceedings in the action or pro how proved.eeeding before
the judgment and subsequent 1heret0, if any, veriﬁed in the manner prescribed in
the next sec tion, is primary evidence of the facts stated therein. on. 11, 1862
9 131. Justice's judgment in other states how pi-oved.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-018140

3209. A transcript from the. record or docket of a justice of the peace of a
sister State, of a judgment rendered by him, of the proceedings in the action
before the judgment, of the execution and return, if any, subscribed by the
justice and verified in the manner prescribed in the next Section, is admis­
sible evidence of the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


