Exemplar: IN1852-001250
Earliest: NY1848-002510
Documents in cluster: 59
Cluster ID: 6854

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-002510

189. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand delivery. If it be not delivered,
he shall cause the build- ing or enclosure to be broken open, and take the
property into his possession ; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-002500

214. If the property, or any part thereof 'be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to'be broken open, and take
the property into his possession 3¥“w cessary, he may call to his aidthe power
of his one“

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-001190

112. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and shall
take the property in his possession ; and if necessary, he may call to his aid
the power of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-007810

710. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff must publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession, and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-001150

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-002520

214. If , the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-001310

130. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in _a ; building or
enclosure, the sheriff must publicly demand its delivery; if , it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or iiiclosure to be broken t open, and
take the property into his possession, and if necessary he may Gill to his aid
the power of his count '. _ _

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-006240

563. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building, or
enclosure, the Otiicer shall publicly demand its delivery; and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-001250

133. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall demand its delivery; if it shall not be delivered,
he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the
property into his possession; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the power
of the county: if the sheriff cannot find the property or any part thereof, the
action shall not abate, but be prosecuted to final judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-007660

703. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff must publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession, and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-001420

115. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in building or enclosure,
the sheriff shalt publicly demand its delivery If it be not delivered, he shall
cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into
his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of his
county.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-001130

107. If the property or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriji’ shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-006710

116. If the property, or any part therof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the oiiicer shall publicly demand its delivery, and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-001220

122. If the property or any part thereof be contaken cealed in a building
or enclosure, the sheriff shall pub- licly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power o. his county.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002020

6. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the marshal shall demand its delivery; if it shall not be delivered,
he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the
property in hie possession ; and if neces­ sary he may call to his aid the power
of the county. If the marshal cannot find the property, or any part thereof, the
action shall not abate, but be prosecuted to final judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008980

102. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the officer shall publicly demand its delivery, and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property in his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001150

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-001460

9. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or enclosure,
the sheriff shall publicly demand its e 1vcry; 1 1 ue no e rvere , 10 s la
cause t ie m mg or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property in to his
possession ; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-006130

563. If the property or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the officer shall publicly demand its delivery, and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-001380

138. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff must publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession, and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001130

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed . in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its; delivery ; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession, and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-001520

138. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
inclosurc, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001140

107. If the roperty, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or inc
osure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not delivered,
he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the propert
into his possession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid t e power of the
county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-002310

214. [189.] Property, how taken when concealed in building or enclosure. If
the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or enclosure, the
sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not delivered, he shall
cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into
his possession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of his
county.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-005730

517. If the property, or any art thereof, be con-cealed in a building or
enclosure, the o ‘cer shall publicly demand its delivery, and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001080

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if neceSsary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000820

77. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-005660

565. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the oilicer' shall publicly demand its delivery; and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-006240

577. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the officer shall publicly demand its delivery, and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001110

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
inclosnre, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery : if it be not
delivered, be shall cause the build­ ing or incloaure to be broken open, and
take the property into his possession ; and if necessary, he may call to his aid
the power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-002030

167. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or inclosuro to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-002100

184. It the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-005620

563. If the property 01· any part thereof be concealed in a building, or
enclosure, the officer shall publicly demand its delivery; and if it be not
delivered, be shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the prop· erty into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001150

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. Ifit be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to .be broken open, and take
the property into his possession ; and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-000400

31. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or enclosure,
the constable shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not delivered, he
shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property
into his pos- _ session; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the posse of
4 the county. When the constable shall have taken the property, he shall keep it
in a secure place, and deliver it to the party entitled thereto, upon receiving
his lawful fees for taking, and his necessary expenses for keeping, the same. '

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-001800

163. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not
delivered he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-001720

237. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a build‘_ ing or
enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be » not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, 1 and
take the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid
the ower of his County.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001120

107. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the Territorial Marshal, or the Sheriff of the County, shall publicly
demand its delivery. 'If it be not delivered; he shall cause the building or
enclosure to be broken Open, and take the into his possession; 32d if necessary,
he may call 0 ' aid the power of the

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004030

517. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the Sheriff must publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-002160

214. [189.] Property; how taken, when concealed in building or enclosure. If
the property or any part therof be concealed in a building or inclo sure, the
sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not delivered, he shall
cause the building or enclosure to bo broken open, and take the property into
his possession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of the
county.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-001270

121. If the property or any part thereof be con­ cealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open and take
the property into his possession, and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000930

87. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall‘ publicly demand its delivery; if it be not w
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and if necessary he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-001960

184. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
rnclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or inclosnre to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-004460

565. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the officer shall publicly demand its delivery; and if it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-000680

78. If the property, thereof,' be concealed in a taken Property-if -how F
r •" or anyJ part f conbuilding or enclosure, the Constable shall publicly
demanji itgjlQ; ^edmi" ™9}°livery. If it be not delivered, he shall cause the
building or ing. enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into his pos
session ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of his County.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-002020

236. The qualifications of sureties and their justification justification of
sureties. shall be as are prescribed by Sections two hundred and seventeen and
two hundred and eighteen, in respect to bail upon an order of arrest. Property
— Skc. 237. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a wh"n
concealed building or enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery.
inciosure.mg °r If it be not delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure
to be broken open, and take the property into his possession; and, if necessary,
he may call to his aid the power of his County. Property—

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-004990

517. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff must publicly de mand its delivery ; if it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may ca! fb his aid the
power of his county. Fu. this and remaining sections, see Sheriff's Duties, sec.
512n.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-003280

305. If the property, or any art thereof, be con‘cealed in a building or
inclosnre, the S eriff must publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he must cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000860

39. ($6.) The qualification of snretics and their justification shall besuch
as are prescribed by this act in respcct to suretics on attachment bonds
or undertakings. “'l‘he court shall allow, upon such terms and within such
time as may be _jn:~;t, the giving of amended or additional undertakings in
place of defec tive or insufficient ones given nndcr the provisions of this
chapter." [Sec Ni, as amended, sec 4, p. 54, acts 1881. [Sheriff may break
hnlldlugs, whom] Sac. 90. ($47.) If the )ropcrt_v, or any part thereof, be
concealed in a building or enclosure, the s 1criff shall publicly demand its
delivery ; if it be not delivered, llc shall cause the buildin;_I,r or enclosure
to be broken open, and take the property into his pos~|css'io|1 : and if
necessary he may call to his aid the power ol' his county. [Duty of short! In
holding goodml

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003110

390. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the officer must pub- demand its delivery. If it be not delivered,
lie must cause the building rw enclosure to be broken open, and take time
property into his possession, and if necessary, lie miay cail toi his aid file
power of' the county.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-002290

4980. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed.. in a building·
or enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery. If it be not
delivered, he shall cause the building· or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his pos­ session; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid
the power of his .county. ·

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-008480

6. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall demand its delivery, and if it shall not be
delivered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and‘
take the property into his possession, and if necessary, he may call to his aid
the power of the county. If the sheriff cannot find the property, or any part
thereof, the action shall not abate, but be prosecuted to final judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1892-002270

329. Property concealed in buildings, how taken. C. C. P., s. 184. If the
property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or enclosure, the
sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery". If it be not delivered he shall
cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into
his possession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the powers of his
county, and if the property be upon the per son the sheriff or other officer
may seize the person, and search for and take the same. Officer can break open
doors. —An officer cannot break open the door of a house and enter therein,
without the consent of the owner, for the pur pose of executing civil process,
except when acting under a requisition in claim and delivery where the property
has been concealed, in which case special provision has been made by statute.
State v. Whitaker, 107-802.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-001790

140. [138.] If the property or any part thereof be Oct.11.186?, concealed in a
building or enclosure, the sheriﬂ‘ shall L publicly demand its delivery. If it
be not delivered, he ¢!;1i)e'r1ef;‘°kdtake shall cause the building or enclosure
to be broken open, pmpmy' and take the property into his possession; and, if
neces sary, he may call to his aid the power of his county.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-000800

75. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in Property, how t ii
k c d when a building or enclosure, the Constable shall publicly demand its
concealed in delivery. If it be not delivered, he shall cause the building or
closure. ' enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into his pos- ib"
87Ssession ; and, if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of his County.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-002390

235. If the property or any part thereof be concealed in t n L- i| i| wlien
concealed in a building or enclosure, the Sheriff shall publicly demand its
closure? °r en" delivery. If it be not delivered, he shall cause the building
or ;/>., 8 2S7. enclosure to be broken open and take the property into his
pos session ; and if necessary he may call to his aid the power of his County.
property, how

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-004460

852. If the property, or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or
enclosure, the sheriff shall publicly demand its delivery; if it be not de­
livered, he shall cause the building or enclosure to be broken open, and take
the property into his possession ; and if necessary, he may call to his aid the
power of the county.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-003750

3053. Concealed property may be taken by force after demand. If the property,
or any part thereof, be concealed in a building or enclosure. the sheriff must
publicly demand its delivery. If it be not delivered, be must cause the building
or enclosure to be broken open, and take the property into his pos session, and
if necessary, he may call to his aid the power of the county. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-001450

131. If the property or an art thereof be concealed in a building or enclosure
the marshal s al publicly demand its delivery. If it be not delivered he shall
cause the building or enclosure to be broken open and take the property into his
possession, and if necessar he may call to his aid the power of the district.

-----------------------------------------------


