Exemplar: NY1850-008470
Earliest: NY1850-008470
Documents in cluster: 26
Cluster ID: 11674

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-008470

768. A motion to postpone a trial for the absence of evidence, can only be made
upon affidavit, showing the materiality of the evidence expected to be obtained,
and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The court may also require
the moving party to state the evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the
adverse party thereupon admit, that such evidence would be given, and that it be
considered as actually given on the trial, or offered and overruled as improper,
the trial must not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-001810

126. A motion to postpone a trial for the absence of evidence, can only be
made upon atliiiavit, showing the materiality of the evidence expected to be
obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it; the court may also
require the moving party to state the evidence which he expects to obtain, and
if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be given, and that
it _be considered zhllctually given on the trial or offered, and overruled as
lmp|'0P¢1‘: “W

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-001730

158. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of I evidence,
shall only be made upon affidavit, showing the materiality of l the evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The
Court may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence
which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or otfered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-008320

761. A motion to postpone a trial for the absence of evidence, can only be
made upon aiiidavit, showing the materiality of the’ evidence expected to be
obtained, and that due diligence has been ' used to procure it. The court may
also require the moving party to state the evidence which he expects to obtain,
audit‘ the adverse party thereupon admit, that such evidence would be given, and
that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or offered and overruled
as improper, the trial must not hepostponed. , .

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-001990

6. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the abpostpone hl e ~' h
s0110 Of evidence, shall only be made upon afidavit showing the materiality of
the evidence expected to be obtained, and what dilihow gence has been used to
procure it, and also the name and residence of the witness or witnesses. The
court may also require the mov- ing party to state upon affidavit, the. evidence
which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
eridence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-001930

184. A notice to continue a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence,
shall only be made upon aliidavit, showing the materiality of the’ evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure
it.- The court may also require’ the moving party to take upon aliidavit, the
evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or odered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be continued. ~

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-002730

11. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence shall
only be made upon affidavit, showing the mate­ riality of the evidence expected
to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The court
may also require the moving party to state upon affidavit the evidence which he
expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or
offered subject to all proper objections, the trial shall not. be postponed,

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008360

39. An adjournment on account of the absence of testimony shall only be allowed
upon affidavit showing the materiality of the testimony expected to be obtained,
and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The justice may also require
the pariy applying to state upon affidavit the evidence which be expects to
obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be
given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or offered and
subject to being overruled as improper, the trial shall not be pos*­ poned.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001700

158. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence,
shall only be made upon allidavit, showing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The
court ‘may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence
which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-001850

12. A motion to postpone a trial for the absence of evi‘ dence, can only be made
upon affidavit, showing the materiality of the evidence expected to be obtained,
and that due diligence has been used to procure it; the court may also require
the moving party to state the evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the
adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be given, and that it be
considered as actually given on the trial or offered, and overruled as improper,
the trial must not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001340

119. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence,
except by the consent of the parties, shall only be made upon affidavit showing
the materiality of the evidence expected to be obtained, and what diligence
has been used to procure it, and also the name and residence of the witness or
witnesses. The court may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit,
the evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon
admit that such evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually
given on the trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be
postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-005080

454. An adjournment on account of the absence of testimony shall only be allowed
upon showing the materiality of the testimony expected to be obtained and that
due diligence has been used to obtain it. The justice may also require the party
applying to state upon oath the evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the
adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be given, and that it be
considered as actually given on the trial, or offered and overruled as improper,
the trial shall not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001700

158. A motion to postpone a trial, on the ground of the absence of evidence,
shall only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it.
The‘court may also require the movmg party to state upon affidavit the evidence
which he expects to obtain; and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trlal, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed.
ARTICLE I.—Formation of the Jury.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-002100

177. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence,
shall only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained, and what diligence has been used to procure it,
and also the name and residence of the Witness or Witnesses. The court may
alsoirequire the moving party to state upon affidavit, the evidence which he
expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or
offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed. The court
when it allows the motion, may impose such conditions or terms upon the moving
party as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001710

158. A motion -to ostpone a trial, on the ground of the absence of evidence,
slliall only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The
court may also require the moving party to state upon affidavit, the evidence
which he expects to obtain; and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed.
CHAPTER IV. TRIAL BY JURY. ( ARTICLE I. PORKATION 0]‘ ‘I'll JURY. 8:0. 159.
Jury, how drawn. Bio. 160. To be sworn, form of oath. 16!. Challenge to, and for
cause. 163. Challenge how tried.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001610

160. A motion to postpone a trial on'the ground of the absence of . evidence,
shall only be made upon aliidavit, showmg the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The
court may also require the moving party to state, upon aiiidavit, the evidence
which he expects to obtain; and if the adverse party thereupon admit that suCh
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed:
Provided, that the party obtaining a postponement of a trial in any court of
record shall also, if required by the adverse party, consent that the testimony
of any witness of such adverse party who is in attendance be taken by deposition
before a judge or clerk of the court in which the case is pending, or before a
notary public to be named by the court, which shall accordingly be done; and the
testimony so taken may be read on the trial with the same effect and subject to
the same objections as if the witnesses were produced.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001410

130. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absenceof evidence, shall
be made only upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence expected to
be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure ‘it, the witness
that the party expects to obtain, and the facts he expects to prove by him,
and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be given, and
that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or ohered and overruled as
improper, the trial shall not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001620

168. A motion to postppne a 'trial on the ground of the absence of evidence,
shall only be made upon affidavit, show­ ing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence bas been used to procure it. The
court may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence
which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be post­ poned.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004630

595. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence can
only be made upon affidavit, showing the materiality of the evidence expected to
be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The Court may
also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence which he
expects to obtain; and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or
offered and overruled as improper, the trial must not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-002100

199. A motion to continue a trial on the ground Of the absence Of evidence,
shall only be made upon affida vtt showing the materiality of the evidence
expected to be ob­ tained, and that due dilgence has been used to procure
it. The court may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit the
evidence which he expects to obtain; and if the adverse party admit that such
evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the
trial, or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be continued.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001740

158. A motion to postpone a trial on grounds of; the absence of evidence, shall
only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence expected
to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it.‘ The court
may also require the moving party to state upon affidavit the evidence which he
expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial,
or offered and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be postponed; and,
upon terms, the court‘ may, in its discretion, upon good cause shown, and in
furtherance of justice, postpone a trial or proceeding upon other grounds than
the absence of evidence. '

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-003940

364. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence can
only be made upon atiidavit, showing the materiality of the evidence ex ected to
be obtained, and th atdue diligence has been us toprocure it. The Court may also
re uire the moving party to state, upon afiid vit, the evi ence which he expects
to obtain; and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence would be
given, and that It be considered as actually i ven on the trial, or offered and
overruled as improper, t 1e trial must not be postponed.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003680

472, A motion to postpone a trial, on the ground of the absence of evidence, can
only be iiade upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence expCCted to
be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to procure it. The court .iiay
also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence which lie
expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as aettially given on the trial, or
oflhred and overruled as inproper, the trial niust not be postpoued.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-005480

1039. A motion to postpone a trial on grounds of the absence of evi­ dence,
shall only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evi­ dence
expected to be obtained, and that due diligence has been used to pro­ cure
it. The court may also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the
evidence which he expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit
that such evidence would be given, and that it be considered as actually given
on the trial, or offered .and overruled as improper, the trial shall not be
postponed: and upon terms the court may, in its discretion, upon good cause
shown, and in furtherance of justice, postpone a trial or proceeding upon other
grounds than the absence of evidence.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-004980

3133. Continuance for absence of evidence, etc. Affidavit re quired. Admission.
A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence, can only
be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence expected to be
obtained, and that due diligence has been used to pro cure it. The court may
also require the moving party to state, upon affidavit, the evidence which he
expects to obtain, and if the adverse party thereupon admit that such evidence
would be given, and that it be considered as actually given on the trial, or
offered and overruled as improper, the trial must not be postponed ; and upon
terms, the court may, in its discretion, upon good cause shown, postpone a trial
or proceeding upon other grounds than absence of evidence. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-001840

169. A motion to postpone a trial on the ground of the absence of evidence shall
only be made upon affidavit showing the materiality of the evidence ex ted to
be obtained, and a statement of facts showing that due ‘d’ i ence has been used
to procure it, and also the name and residence o the witness or witnesses. The
court may also require the moving part to state upon aiiidaviith the eviderilce
whlilch he expects to obtain an if t e adverse party ereupon a mit t at such
evidence would, be given, and that it be considered as actual] given on the
trial, 01‘1?&eI‘ed andhoverrullfd as improper, the trial sha 1 not be post ned.
T e court w en it a ows the motion, may impose such conditfgns or terms upon,
the moving party as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


