Exemplar: NY1850-012490
Earliest: NY1850-012490
Documents in cluster: 11
Cluster ID: 11816

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-012490

1150. A justice may punish, as for a criminal contempt, persons guilty of the
following acts, and no others : 1. Disorderly, contemptuous or insolent behavior
toward the justice while holding the court, tending to interrupt the due course
of a trial, or other judicial proceeding: 2. A breach of the peace, boisterous
conduct, or violent disturbance, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial
or other judicial proceeding: 3. Willful resistance in the presence of the
justice, to the execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-012320

1141. A justice may punish, as for a criminal contempt, per‘ sons guilty of the
following acts, and no others : 1. Disorderly, contemptuous or insolent behavior
toward the justice while holding the court, tending to interrupt the due course
of a trial, or other judicial proceeding: 2. A breach of the peace, boisterous
conduct, or violent disturbance, tending to interrupt the due couree of a trial
or other judicial proceeding: 3. Willful resistance, in the presence of the
justice, to the execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-009920

214. A justice may punish, as for a contempt, persons guilty of the following
acts, and no others: 1. Disorderl , contemptuous, or insolent behavior toward
the justice, ten ing to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
roceeding before him: 2. A breacK of the peace, boisterous conduct, or violent
disturbance, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
proceeding : 3. Wilful resistance in the presence of the justice, to the
execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1857-001330

4. A justice may punish, as for contempt, persons guilty of the following acts,
and no others: lst. Disorderly, contemptuous, and insolent behavior towards
the justice, tending to interrupt the due course of trial or other judicial
proceedings before him. 2nd. A breach of the peace, boistrous conduct, or
violent disturbance, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other
judicial proceeding. 3rd. Wilful resistance, in the presence of the justice, to
the execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-007450

672. A justice may punish, as for contempt, persons guilty of the following
acts, and no others: First. Disorderly, contemptuous and insolent behavior
towards the justice, tending to interrupt the due course of trial or other
judicial proceedings be ore him. Second. A breach of the peace, boisterous
conduct, or violent disturbance, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial
or other judicial proceeding. Third. Willful resistance, in the presence of the
justice, to the execution of a lawful order or process made or 1SS118d by him.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-012000

1096. A justice may punish, as for contempt, persons guilty of the following
acts, and no others: First. Disorderly, contemptuous or insolent behavior
towards the justice, tending to interru t the due course of the trial, or other
judicial roceedings efore him. Second. A breach of t e peace, boisterous conduct
or violent disturbance, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other
judicial proceeding. Tlzird. Willful resistance in the presence of the justice,
to the execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-009310

109. The justice may punish, as for a contempt, persons guilty of the following
acts, and no others : Dis­ orderly, contemptuous · or insolent behavior toward
the justice, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
proceeding ; willful resistance, in the pres­ ence of the justice, to the
execution of a lawful order or process made or issued by him. .

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-010830

11. The justice may punish. as for a contempt, persons guilty of the following
acts, and no others: Disorderly, contemptuous or insolent behavior toward
the ju tice, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
proceeding; willful resistence, in the presence of the justice, to the executon
of a lawful order or process made or issued by him.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-009590

1. Disorderly, contemptuous, or insolent behavior toward the judge while holding
the court, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
proceeding.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-009600

2. Breach of the peace, boisterous conduct, or violent disturbance, tending to
interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial proceeding.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-016470

1. Disorderly, contemptuous, or insolent behavior toward the justice while
holding court, tending to interrupt the due course of a trial or other judicial
pro ceeding.

-----------------------------------------------


