Exemplar: NY1850-002220
Earliest: NY1848-000410
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 11419

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-000410

31. The supervisors of the several counties shall prohow vide the courts
appointed to be held therein, with rooms, attendants, fuel, lights and
stationery, suitable anti sufficient for the transaction of their busines. If
the supervisors neglect, the court may order tht: sheriff to (to so ; and the
expense incurred by him in carrying file order into effect, when certified by
the court, shall be a county charge.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-000350

28. The supervisors of the several counties shall provide the courts appointed
to be held therein with rooms, attendants, fuel, lights and stationery, suitable
and sufficient for the transaction of their business. If the supervisors
neglect, the court may order the sheriff to do so; and the expense incurred by
him in carrying the order into effect, when certitied by the court, shall b‘ea
county charge. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-002220

200. If a board of supervisors or common council neglect to make the provision
required by the last section, the court may order the sheriff to do so; and the
expense incurred by him in carrying the order into effect, when certified by the
court, is a county or city charge.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-000350

28. The supervisors of the several counties shall provide the courts appointed
to be held therein with room, attendants, fuel, lights and stationery, suitable
and suicient for the transaction of their bWls1ness- If the supervisors neglect,
the court may order the she:-iii’ to do so; and the expense incurred by him in
carrying the order into efect, when certified by the court, shall be a county
charge.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-002040

187. If a board of supervisors or common council neglect to make the provision
required by the last section, the court may ‘ order the sheriff to do so; and
the expense incurred by him in carrying the order into effect, when certified by
the court, is a county or city charge.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-000220

28. [81.] Rooms, d'c The supervisors of the several counties shall provide the
courts appointed to be held therein with room, attendants, fuel, lights, and
stationery, suitable and sufficient for the transaction of their business. If
the supervisors neglect, the court may order the sheriff to do so ; and the
expense incurred by him in carrying the order into effect, when certified by the
court, shall be a county charge.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-000260

19. The commissioners of the several counties shall providethe courts
appointed to be held therein with room,.. attendants, fuel, lights, and
stationery, suitable and suliicient for the transaction of their business. If
the commissioners neglect, the court may order the sheriff to do so ; and the
expense incurred by him in carrying the order. into effect, when certified‘ by
the court, shall be a county charge.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-000280

20. The commissioners ‘of the several counties shall provide the courts,
appointed to be held therein, with room, attendants, fuel, lights, and
stationery, suitable and sufficient for the transaction of their business. If
the commissioners neglect, the court may order the sheriff to do so; and the
expense incurred by him in carrying the order into effect, when certified by the
court, shall be a county charge.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-000300

28. [31. j Rooms, fuel, etc., how furnished. The supervisors of the several
counties shall provide the courts appointed to be held therein, with room,
attendants, fuel, lights and stationery, suit able and sufficient for the
transaction of then1 business. If the supervisors neglect, the court may order
the sheriff to do so, aud the expense incurred by him, in carrying the order
into effect, when certified by the court, shall be a county charge.

-----------------------------------------------


