Exemplar: NY1851-003720
Earliest: NY1849-003720
Documents in cluster: 15
Cluster ID: 12181

-----------------------------------------------

NY1849-003720

320. In an action prosecuted in the name of the pe0ple of this state for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim, for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against
the plaintifff, shall be a charge against the party for whose beneht the action
was prosecuted, and not against the pe0ple.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-009720

884. In an action prosecuted in the name of the people of this state for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim, for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against
the plaintifff, must by the judgment be made a charge against the party for
whose benefit the action was prosecuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-003720

320. In an action prosecuted in the name of the people of this state for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim, for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against
the plaintifff, shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the action
was prosecuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-009550

875. In an action prosecuted in the name of the people of this state for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim, for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against
the plaintifff, must by thejudgment be made a charge against the party for whose
benefit -the action was prosecuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-003550

320. Costs in actions by the people. In an action prosecuted in the name of the
people of this State, for the recovery of money or property, or to establish a
right or claim for the benefit of any county, city, town, village, corporation
or person, costs awarded against the plaintifff shall be a charge against the
party for whose benefit the action was prose cuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-003280

271. In an action prosecuted in the name of the people of this Territory, for
the recovery ofmoney or property, or to establish a right or claim for the
benefit of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded
against the party plaintiff shall be a charge against the party for whose
benefit the action was prosecuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-003310

289. In an action prosecuted in the name of' the State for the recovery of money
or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit of any county,
city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against the plaintifff
shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the action was prosecuted,
and not against the State.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-002820

264. In an action prosecuted in the name of the people of this State for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corpoA ration, or person, costs awarded
against the plaintifff shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the
action was prosecuted, and not against the State.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-002980

346. In an action prosecuted in the name of the State, for the recovery of money
or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit of any county,
city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against the plaintifff
shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the action was prosecuted,
and not against the State.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-003240

320- Costs in actions by the people. In an action prosecuted in the name of the
people of this State, for the recovery of money or property, or to establish a
right or claim, for the benefit of any county, city, town, village, corporation
or person, costs awarded against the plaintifff shall be a charge against the
party for whose benefit the action was prosecuted, and not against the people.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-004070

393. In an action prosecuted in the name of the territory, for the recovery
of money or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit of any
county, city, town, village, corpora tion or person, costs awarded against the
party plaintifff shall be charged against the party for whose benefit the action
was prosecuted, and not against the territorjr.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-003000

346. In an action prosecuted in the name of the State, for The same, the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit
of any county, city, town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against
the plaintifff shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the action
was prosecuted, and not against the State. Sec 347. In actions in which the
cause of action shall, by costs against assignment after the commencement of the
action, or in any other aiTaction mmmanner, become the property of a person not
a party to the action, menced such person shall be liable for the costs in the
same manner as if he were a party, and payment thereof may be enforced by attach
ment.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-004900

5203. In an action prosecuted in the name of the territory, for the recovery of
money 01" pr .. operty, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit of any
county, city, town, village, corporÂ­ ation or person, costs a warded against
tlie party plaintifff shall be charged against the party for whose benefit the
action was prosecuted, and not against the territory.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1892-004600

537. Costa in action by the state for a private person . C. C. P., s. 289.
In an action prosecuted in the name of the state for the recovery of money or
property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit of any county, city,
town, village, corporation or person, costs awarded against the plaintifff shall
be a charge against the party for whose benefit the action was prosecuted, and
not against the state.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-003470

333. In an action prosecuted in the name of the State lb., 8346. for the
recovery of money or property, or to establish a right or claim for the benefit
of any County, city, town, village, corpora tion, or person, costs awarded
against the plaintifff shall be a charge against the party for whose benefit the
action was prose cuted, and not against the State. costs against

-----------------------------------------------


