Exemplar: NY1850-011620
Earliest: NY1850-011620
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 11778

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-011620

1063. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney, and any person may act as attorney, except that the constable by whom
the summons or jury process was served, cannot appear or act on the trial in
behalf of either party. He may however act, in any other stage of the action, as
agent or attorney for a party, and the authority of a person to act for another
as attorney, may be oral or written, but unless admitted by the adverse party
must be proved by the oath of the attorney or otherwise.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-005940

534. Parties in Justices’ Courts may prosecute or defend in person, or by
Attorney; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the constable by whom the summons or jury process was served, shall
not appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-011450

1054. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney,.and any person may act as attorney, except that the constable by
whom the summons or jury process was served, cannot appear or act on the trial
in behalf of either . party. He may however act, in any other stage of the
action, as agent or attorney for a party, and the authority of a person to act
for another as attorney, may be oral or written, but unless ad-' mitted by the
adverse party, must be proved by the oath of the attorney or otherwise. '

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008160

19. The authority of a person to act as attorney for another may be oral or
written, but, unless admitted by the adverse p~rty, must be proved, by the oath
of the attorney or otherwise, to the satisfaction of the justice.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-005830

534. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person, or by
attorney ; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as hisiattorney,
except that the constable by whom the summons or jury process was served, shall
not appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-004980

445. Parties in justices courts may prosecute and defend in person or by
attorney, and any person may act as attorney in justices courts, except that
the constable or sheriff by whom the summons or jury process was served cannot
appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-005290

476. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the constable by whom the summons or jur process was served shall
not appear or act on the trial in beha f of either arty.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-005430

488. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the constable by Whom the summons orjury rocess was served shall not
appear or act on the trial in beha f of either part .

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-005370

536. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute. or defend in person, or by
attorney; and any person, 0n the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the constable by whom the summons or jury process was served shall
not appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005970

551. Parties in justices’ courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person on the request of a party may act as attorney, except
that the constable by whom the summons or jury process was served shall not
appear or act on the trial on behalf of either party.‘

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-005320

534. Parties in juetices' courts may prosecute or defend in person, or by
attorney: and any pel'l:lon. on the request of a party, may act as bis attorney,
except that the consta ble by whom the summons or jury process was served, shall
not. appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-005600

510. Parties vin Justices’ Courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person, on the request of a party‘nay act as his attorney,
except that the Constable by whom the summons or jury process was served shall
not appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party. '

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-005550

508. Parties in Justices’ Courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the Constable, by whom the summons or jury rocess was served, shall
not appear or act on the trial in beh f of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-004240

536. Parties in justices' courts may prosecute or defend in person or by
attorney; and any person, on the request of a party, may act as his attorney,
except that the constable by whom the summons or jury process was served shall
not appear or act on the trial in behalf of either party.

-----------------------------------------------


