Exemplar: DC1857-006000
Earliest: NY1848-004280
Documents in cluster: 16
Cluster ID: 3505

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-004280

332. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgedwefeenr ment, or setting up any defense which may
have arisen subsequently ; and in addition thereto, if he be proceeded against
according to section: 328, he may make the same defense, which he might have
originally made to the action.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-001670

5. The party may appear and answer such summons, as in cases 'of summons and
petition in ordinary cases, except that he shall be allowed only to deny the
judgment, or set up a defense which may have arisen subsequently; and, in
addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to section 1, of this
article, he may make the same defense which he might have originally made to the
action.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-004390

379. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer; wi '_n the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or set-: ting up any defense which may have
arisen subsequently; andd in addition thereto, if he he proceeded against
according to section three hundred and seventy-five, he may make the same
defense, which he might have originally made to the action except the statute of
limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-013240

1217. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; and in addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to
section 1213, he may make the same defense which might have been originally made
to the action, except the statute of limitations; if he be proceeded against
according to section l214, he may make the same defense, which he might have
made man action upon the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-006180

5. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer, within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, and in addition t ereto; if he be proceeded inst according to
section one, he may make the same defense which mig t have been made originally
to the action, except the statute of limitations; if he be procee ed against
according to section two, he ma make the same defense which e might have made to
an action upon t e judgment. A

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-004390

379. Upon such summons, the partyrsummonaém answer within the time specified
therein, « deny it judgment, or setting up any defense. which; mahhl arisen
subsequently; and in addition thereto, if he hp ceeded against according to
section 37 5, he may m&’l! same defense, which he might have originally 1&3 the
action except the statute of limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-006300

645. The party summoned, after the summons has been served ten days before the
first day of any term of the court, may answer, denying the judgment, or setting
up any defense which may have arisen subsequently, or suffer a default; and in
addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to section 641, he may
make the same defense which he might have originally made to the action and no
other. .

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-013060

1207. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer within the time speciiied
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; and in addition thereto, if he he proceeded against according to
section‘ 1203, he may‘ make, the same defense which might have been originally
made to the action, except the statute of limitations; if he he proceeded
against according to section 1204, he may make the same defenw which he might
have made to an action upon the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-002820

282. Upon such summions, the party summoned may answer within the time specified
therein denying the judgument, or setting up any defense which may have arisep
subsequently, and in addition thereto if lie be proceeded against, according to
section 279, he may make the sarne dfence which he might originally have made to
the action, except the statutes of limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-006000

5. The party summoned may answer, denying the judgment, or setting up any
defense which may have arisen subsequently, or suffer a default; and, in
addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to the first section of
this chapter, he may make the same defense which he might have originally made
to the action, and no other.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-007360

6. Upon such summons, the party summoned: answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; and in addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according
to section two of this chapter, he may make the same defense which he might
originally have made to the action, except the statutes of limitation.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-006110

5. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer, within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently, and in addition thereto; if he he proceeded against according to
section one, he may make the same defense which might have been made originally
to the action, except the statute of limitations ; if he he proceeded against
according to section two, he may make the same defense which he might have made
to an action upon the judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-004230

379. [332.] (Am'd 1849.) Party summoned may answer and defend. Upon such
summons, the party summoned may answer within the time specified therein,
denying the judgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently ; and, in addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to
section 375, he may make the same defense which he might have originally made to
the action, except the statute of limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-003720

301. Upon such summons, the party summoned xnay answer within the time specihed
therein, denying thejudgment, or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; and, in addition thereto, if he be proceeded against according to
section 297, he may make the same defense which he might have originally made to
the action, except the statute oflimitations.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-004450

429. Upon such summons, the party summoned may answer within the time specified
therein, denying the judgment or setting up any defense which may have arisen
subsequently; and he may make the same defense which he might have, originally
made to the action, ex cept the statute of limitations.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-005360

5243. Upo11 such summons, the party. summoned may answer within the time
specified therein, denying the Judgme11~ or setting up any defense which may
11.ave ar1s~n subseq uently; and he mav make the same defense which he might
have 01~1g1n­ ally made to the action, _exc~pt the statute of limitatio11~. l .

-----------------------------------------------


