Exemplar: NY1850-010960
Earliest: NY1829-029880
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 11758

-----------------------------------------------

NY1829-029880

Any one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery shall be had pursuant to the
preceding sections, may maintain an action against all the other relatives of
the testator, to whom any such assets 1nay have been paid, jointly, or against
any of them separately, for just and equal contribution; and shall be entitled
to recover of each defendant, such an amount as shall be in the same proportion
to the whole sum collected of the plaintifff, as the value of the assets
deliver- ed to such defendant, bore to the value of all the assets delivered to
all the relatives of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-010870

Any of the next of kin, against whom a recovery shall be had pursuant to the
preceding sections, may maintain an action against the other relatives of the
testator to whom any such assets may have been raid,jointly, or against any of
them sep­ rately, for a just and equa contribution ; and shall be entitled :o
recover of each defendant, such an amount as shall be in the same proportion to
the whole sum collected of the plaintifff, as the value of the assets delivered
to such defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all the
relatives of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-010960

1001. Any one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery is bad pursuant
to the last section, may maintain an action against all the other relatives
of the testator, to whom any such assets have been paid, jointly, or against
any of them separately, for a just and equal contribution, and may recover of
each defendant such an amount as shall be in the same proportion to the whole
sum collected of the plaintifff, as the value of the assets delivered to such
defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all the relatives of
the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-005190

13. Anv one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery is which belonged to a
deceased person, 18 'udgment against his executors or y virtue of an execution
issued the value of all if necessary to had pursuant to the last section, may
maintain an action against all the other relatives of the testator, to whom any
such assets have been paid °°i“‘lYa 01' against any of them separately, for a
just and equal ‘contri‘1ti0n, and may recover of each defendant, such amount as
shall be in the same roportjon to the whole sum collected of the plaintifff, as
the value of t e assets delivered to such defendant, bore to the value of the
assets delivered to all the relations of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010790

992. Any one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery is had pursuant to
the last action, may maintain an action against All the other relatives of the
testator, to whom any such assets have been paid, jointly, or against any of
them separately, for a just and equal contribution, and may recover of each
defendant such an amount as shall be in the same proportion to the whole sum
collected of the plaintifff, as the value of the assets delivered to such
defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all the relatives of
the deceased. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-009890

27. Any of the next of kin, against whom a recovery shall be had, pursuant to
the preceding sections, may main- tain an action against the other relatives of
the testator, to whom any such assets may have been paid, jointly, or against
any of them separately, for a just and equal contribution; and shall be entitled
to recover of each defendant, such an amount as shall be in the same proportion
to the whole sum collected of the plaintiff, as the value of the assets
delivered to such defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all
the relatives of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-005140

13. Any one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery is had pursuant to the
last section, may maintain an action against all the other relatives of the
testator, to whom any such assets have been paid jointly, or against any of them
separately, for a just and equal contribution, and may recover of each defendant
such amount as shall be in the same proportion to the whole sum collected of the
plaintifff, as the value of the assets delivered to such defendant, bore to the
value of all the assets delivered to all the relations of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005550

471. Any one of the next of kin, against whom a recovery is had pursuant to
section 470, may maintain a suit against all the other next of kin of the
deceased person, to whom any such assets have been delivered, jointly, or
against any of them separately, for a just and equal contribution, and may
recover of each defendant such an amount as shall be in the same proportion to
the whole sum collected of the plaintifff, as the value of the assets delivered
to such defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all the next
of kin of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005730

475. [471.] Any one of the next of kin against g>§;~1_11.1862. whom a recovery
is had pursuant to section 474 [470] gm may maintain a suit against all the
other next of kin of égggﬁlggmt the deceased person, to whom any such assets
have been kin delivered jointly, or against any of them separately, for a just
and equal contribution, and may recover of each defendant such amount as shall
be in the same propor tion to the whole sum collected of the plaintifff as the
value of the assets delivered to such defendant bore to the value of all the
assets delivered to all the next of kin of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004920

447. Any one of the next of kin against whom a recovery is bad pursuant to
section four hundred and forty-six may maintain an action against all the other
next of kin of the deceased person to whom any such assets have been delivered
jointly, or against any of them separately, for a just and equal contribution,
and may recover of each defendant such amount as shall be in the same proportion
to the whole sum collected of the plaintifff as the value of the assets
delivered to such defendant bore to the value of all the assets delivered to all
the next of kin of the deceased.

-----------------------------------------------


