Exemplar: NY1850-010520
Earliest: NY1850-010520
Documents in cluster: 24
Cluster ID: 11745

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010520

959. After completing the sale, the referees must report the same to the court,
with a description of the different parcels of land sold to each purchaser,
the name of the purchaser, the price paid or secured, the terms and conditions
of the sale, and the securities if any taken. The report must be filed in the
office of the clerk of the county, where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004570

40. After completing the sale, the referees must report the same to the court,
with adescription of the ditferent parcels of land, sold to each purchaser,
the name of the purchaser, the price paid or socured, the terms and conditions
of the sale, and the securities if any taken; the report must be filed in the
oiiice of the clerk of the district court of the county where the roperty is
situated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003240

296. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the Court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities,
if any, taken. The report shall be filed in the office of the Clerk of the
county where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010350

950. After completing the sale, the referees must report the same to the court,
with a description of the different parcels of land sold to each purchaser, the
name of the purchaser, the price paid or secured, the terms and conditions of
the sale, and the securities if any taken. ' The report must be filed in the
ofiieeof the clerk of the county, where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005170

34. After completing a salp of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities,
if any taken. The report shall be filed in the office of the clerk of the
district court, in the county where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003180

296. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold,~the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold, to each purchaser ; the name of the purchaser ;
the price paid as secured ; the terms and conditions of the sale ; and the
securities, if any, taken.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004540

40. After completing the sale, the referees must report i the same to the court,
with a description of the different parcels of land, ‘ sold to each purchaser,
the name of the purchaser, the price paid or secured, the terms and conditions
of the sale, and the securities if any taken; the report must be filed in the
office of the clerk of the district court of the county where the property is
situated.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007500

693. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid as secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities,
if any, taken. The report shall be filed in

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005390

456. After completing the sale, the referees shall report the same to the court,
with a description of the different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the
name of the purchaser; the price paid or secured; the terms-and conditions of
the sale; and the securities, if any taken. The report shall be filed with the
clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002990

298. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities,
if any, taken. The report shall be filed in the office of the clerk of the
county Where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005680

524. After completing the sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to
be sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of
the different parcels of land sold to each purchaser, the name of the purchaser,
the price paid as secured, the terms and conditions of the sale, and the
securities (if any) taken. The report shall be filed in the odice of the clerk
of the court in the county where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003010

296. After completing a sale of the property, 01· any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser ; the name of the purchaser ;
the price paid or secured ; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the
securities, if any, taken. The report shall be filed in the office of the clerk
of the county where the prop, erty is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003240

298. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referee shall report the same to the Court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities,
if any taken. The report shall be filed in the office of the Clerk of the county
where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003180

296. After completing a sale of the property, or any part [thereof ordered to
be sold, the referee shall report the same totthe Court, with a-descri tion. of
the. different parcels of land sold to each-purchaser; e name of the purchaser;
the price paid or accrued; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the
securities, if any taken” The report shall be filed in the oEice of the Clerk of
the County where the prOperty is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006160

784. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees must report the same to the Court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale, and the securities,
if any, taken. The report must he filed in the office of the Clerk of the county
where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002510

298. After completing a sale of the property or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees shall report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale, and the securities,
if any, taken. The report shall bo filed in the office of the clerk of the
county where the property is situated. Sec 299. If the sale be confirmed by the
court, an order shall be entered directing the referees to execute conveyances
and take securities pursuant to such sale; which they are hereby authorized to
do. Such order may also give directions to them respecting the disposition of
the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006060

580. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof, ordered to be
sold, the referees must report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser, the name of the purchaser; the
price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the 6ale, and the securities,
if any, taken. The report must be filed in the office of the clerk of the
district court where the prop erty is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008580

784. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees must report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of laud sold to each purchaser; the name of the purchaser;
the price paid or secured; the terms and con ditions of the sale, and the
securities, if any, taken. The report must be filed in the office of the clerk
of the county where the property is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005620

519. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referees must report the same to the Court, with a description of the
different arcels of land sold to each purchaser; the name of tlie purchaser;
the price paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale, and the.
securities, if s(s3riy,ktaken. The report must be filed in the office of the
er .

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-005140

667. Aofft eor rcdoenrepdl ettion gb ie IS soaldle tohfe threeF eprreoe
penritnys,t report tie same to file court, with aI description of' the diterent
larcels of' land sold to each pur'haser; the naeo. of the purchaser; the price
paid or secured; the terms and conditions of the sale; and the securities, if
any, taken. The report must be filed in the office of the clerk of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007180

5394. After completing a sale of the proper .. ty, or any part thereof, ordered
to be so~d,. the refere~s must report the same to the court, with a description
of the different parcels of Iand sold to each purchaser, the nam~ of the
purchaser, the price paid <?r. secured, the terms and condi tions of the sale,
and the securities, 1f any, taken, The report must be filed in the office of the
clerk of the district court where the proper ty is situated.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007580

1379. After completing a sale of the property, or any part thereof ordered to be
sold, the referee must report the same to the court, with a description of the
different parcels of land sold to each purchaser; the price paid or secured; the
terms and conditions of the sale, and the securities, if any, taken. The report
must be filed in the office of the clerk of _the court and a certified copy
thereof in the office of the county clerk of the county where the property is
situated.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012990

3554. Referees to report sale to court. Filing. After completing a sale of the
property, or any part thereof ordered to be sold, the referees must report the
same to the court with a description of the different parcels of land sold to
each purchaser, the name of the purchaser, the price paid or secured, the terms
and conditions of the sale, and the securities, if any, taken. The report must
be filed in the office of the clerk of the court. [0. L. § 3511. Oil. C. Civ.
P. ? 784*.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004770

433. After completing the sale, the referees shall report the same to the court,
with a description of the different parcels of lands sold to each purchaser,
the name of the urchaser, the price paid or secured, the terms and conditions of
the sa e, and the securities, if any, taken. The report shall be filed with the
clerk.

-----------------------------------------------


