Exemplar: NY1850-014810
Earliest: NY1848-003630
Documents in cluster: 31
Cluster ID: 11896

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-003630

277. Upon an ap" ip eal from a judO gm" ent, the court may- review any
intermediate order, involving the lnerits, ante necessarily affecting the
judgment. § 278. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court
may reverse, affirm or modify the judgment or order ippealed from, in the
respect mentioned in the notice of appeal, and may, if necessary or proper,
order a new trial.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-001460

5. pon an appeal, the appellate court may reVerse, affirm, or modify th
'udgment; and may, if necessary or proper, order, a new trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-003840

330. Upon an appeal from a judgmentororder, the appellate. court may reverse,
alhrm or modify the judgment or order appeal-' ed from in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modided, the appellate court may make complete restitution of all property and
rights lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-014810

1361. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and may, when it is necessary or proper, order a new
trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-012700

1169. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified, the appellate court may make complete restitution of all property and
rights lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-005890

8. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified; the appellate court may make complete restitution of all the property
and rights lost by the crroneous jud ent.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-003840

330. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from in the respect mentioned in
the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may,if necessary
or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or modiiied, the
appellate court may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by
the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003770

845. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the Appellate ' Court may reverse,
amrm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set aside
or'contirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial.
When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the Appellate Court may make
complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous judgment
or order, and when it appears to the Appellate Court that the appeal was made
for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-014600

1350. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and may, when it is necessary or proper, order a new
trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-012540

1161. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
ailirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in-the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or modmed,
the appellate’ court may make complete restitution of all property and rights
lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-006970

7. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the snpreme court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment or order is reversed
or modified, the supreme court shall remit its judgment or decision to be
enforced accordingly.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003710

345. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
afiirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set aside
or confirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new
_trial. When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court
may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous
judgment or order; and when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal
was made for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-005820

8. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
afiirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified, the appellate court may make complete restitution of all the property
and rights lost by the erroneous judgment. '

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003090

283. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the, appellate court may reverse,
afiirm, or modify the judgment or' order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set
aside, or confirm, or modify, any or all of the proceedings subsequent to, or
dependent upon, such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order
a rehearing. When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate
court may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the
erroneous judgment or order; and when it appears to the . pellate court that the
appeal was made for delay, it may add) to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-003660

330. [278.] (Am'd 1849.) Existing Suits—Judgment on appeal. Upon an appeal
from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse, affirm or modify
the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned in the notice of
appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if necessary or proper,
order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or modified, the appellate
court may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the
erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-003200

293. Upon an app from a jud ent or order, the ap ellate court may reverse,
affirm or mo 'fy the judgment or or er ap ealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appea , and as to any or all of the arties; and may set aside,
or coniirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such jud ent or order; and may, if necessary or proper, order a re caring.
When the ju gment or order is reversed or modified, -the appellate court may
make complete restitution of all pro erty and rights lost by the erroneous
judgment or order; an when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal was
made for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003480

347. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
ailirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties ; and may set aside
or conhrm, or modify, any or all of the proceedings subsequent to, or dependent
upon such judgment or order; and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial.
When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court may make
complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous judgment
or order; and when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal was made
for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-002790

260. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
ailirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties and may set aside,
or confirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may if necessary or proper order a re-hearing.
When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court may make
complete restitution of all property or rights lost by the erroneous judgment or
order; and when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal was made for
delay, it may add to the costs and damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-003430

281. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all the parties, and may, if necessary
or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or modified, the
appellate court may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by
the erroneous judgment. '

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-003580

314. Upon an appeal, from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
afiirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in ‘the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and. as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necesssary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified, the appellate court may make complete restitution of all property
and rights lost by the erroxneous judgment. . ' , The foregoing sections, from
section three hundred and four, to section three hundred and fourten, both
inclusive :shall apply to existing suits.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003500

345. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the ap­ pellate court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set aside
or confirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial.
When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court may
make complete restitution of ttll property and rights lost by the er­ roneous
judgment or order, and when it appears to the appel­ late court that the appeal
was made for delay, it may add to the costs such daruaues as muy he just.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003680

339. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order," the Appellate Court may reverse,
atiirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set aside,
or confirm, or modify, any on all of the proceedings subsequent to or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or pr0per, order a new trial.
When the judgment'or order is reversed or modified, the Appellate Court may make
complete restitution of all prOperty and rights lost by the erroneous judgment
or order, and when it appears to the Appellate Court that the appeal was made
for delay, it may add to the costs @011 damages as may be just. . ‘2

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-002930

274. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed ‘from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modiiied, the appellate court may direct complete restitution of all property
and rights lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-003110

356. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the Appellate Court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified, the Appellate Court may make complete restitution of all property and
rights lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003620

337. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the Appellate Court may reverse,
afErm or modify the judgment. or‘ order a pealed from, in the res ct mentioned
in the notice of ap , and asto an or'all o the arties; and- may set aside, or
coniirm, .or-modi y,.xany or all e the proceedings subject to or dependant upon
such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial. When
the judgment or order. is reversed or modiiied, the Appellate Court may make
cOmplete rastitution of all preperty and rights lost by 'the erroneous judgment
or order, and when it apgears to the A pellate Court that the appeal was made
for, d , it may ad to the costs such damages as may be just, not exceeding ten
per cent. a .

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-007760

957. When the judgment or order is reversed or modiiied, the appellate Court
may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous
judgment or order; and when it appears to the appellate Court that the appeal
was made for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-003340

330. [278.] (Am'd 1849.) Judgment on appeal. Upon an appeal from a judgment or
order, the appellate court may re verse, affirm or modify the judgment or order
appealed from in the respect mentioned in the notice of appeal, and as to any
or all of the parties, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial. When
the judgment is reversed or modified, the appellate court may make complete
restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous judgment.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-004270

412. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the supreme court may reverse,
affirm, or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if
necessary or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or
modified, the supreme court may make complete restitution of all property and
rights lost by the erro neous judgment so far as such restitution is consistent
with any rights of purchasers at sheriff's sale.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002810

347. Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties; and may set aside
or confirm, or modify, any or all of the proceedings subsequent to, or dependent
upon, such judgment or order; and may, if necessary or proper, order a new
trial. When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court
may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous
judgment or order;Band, when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal
was made for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just. Sec
348. On an appeal from a final judgment, the appellant shall furnish the court
a copy of the notice of appeal, the judgment roll, and the statement annexed,
certified by the clerk to be a correct copy. On appeal from a judgment rendered
on an appeal or order, the appellant shall furnish the court with a copy of the
notice of appeal, the judgment or order appealed from, and a copy of the papers
used on the hearing of the court below; such copies to be certified by the
clerk to be correct. If any written opinion be given on rendering the judgment
or making the order in the court below, a copy shall be furnished. If the
appellant fail to furnish the requsite papers, the appeal may be dismissed; and
whenever costs are awarded to a party by an appellate court, such party may have
execution for the same on filing a remittitur with the clerk below, who shall
there upon issue the execution upon application therefore; and whenever costs
are awarded to a party by an order of any court of record, such party may hare
execution therefore in like manner as upon a judgment. Appeals to the Supreme
Court from the District Court.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-004000

347. Upon an appeal from a judgment, or order, the appellate court may reverse,
affirm or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in ‘the respect mentioned
in the notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may set aside
or confirm, or modify any or all of the proceedings subsequent to, or dependent
upon such judgment or order, and may, if necessary or proper, order a new trial.
When the judgment or order is reversed or modified, the appellate court may make
complete restitution of all property and rights lost by the erroneous judgment
or order; and when it appears to the appellate court that the appeal was made
for delay, it may add to the costs such damages as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-003560

341. Upon an appeal from a orders affectum the judgment review any immediate
order involving dismissed in the manner Court, judgment, the Court may the
merits and necessarilv may he reviewedontheappeai attectnig the judgment. from
the Judg ment. See cases under Section 11. 1870, XIV., 83s5. appealSec. 342.
Upon an appeal from a judgment or order, the appellate Court may reverse, affirm
or modify the judgment or order appealed from, in the respect mentioned in the
notice of appeal, and as to any or all of the parties, and may, if necessary
or proper, order a new trial. When the judgment is reversed or modified, the
appellate Court may make complete restitution of all property and rights lost by
the erroneous judgment. The Supreme Court cannot modify a judgment of the Court
below, in a case at law ; it can only reverse or affirm. —Hosford v. Wynn, 22 S.
C, 313. How and when

-----------------------------------------------


