Exemplar: CA1872-015580
Earliest: NY1850-019490
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 2830

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-019490

1786. The preceding section must not be construed to affect the power of a
testator, in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament;
nor to prevent a trust from arising or being extinguished by implication or
operation of law, nor to abridge the power of any court, to compel the specific
performance of an agreement, in case of part performance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-008970

772. The last section shall not be construed to affect the power of a testator,
in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament, nor to
prevent a trust from arising or being extinguished by implication or operation
of law, nor to affect the power of a court, to compel speciiic performance of an
agreement in relation to such property.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-015580

972. The preceding section must not be construed to affect’ the power of a
testator in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament,
nor to prevent any trust from arising or being extinguished by. implication or
operation of law,\nor to abridge the power of any Court to compel the specific
performance of an agreement, in case of part performance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-020490

1972. The preceding section must not be construed to affect the power of a
testator in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament,
nor to prevent any trust from arising or being extinguished by implica tion or
operation of law, nor to abridge the power of any court to compel the specific
performance of an agreement, in case of part performance thereof. Trusts—
implied,21 Cal. 92; 22 Cal. 575; 27 Cal. 119; 35CaL481; 52 Cal. 561.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-010100

936. The preceding section must not be construed to affect the power of a
testator in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament,
nor to prevent any trust from arising or being extinguished by implication or
operation of law, nor to abridge the power of any Court to compel the specific
performance of an agreement, in case of part performance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-008940

1207. Tile preceding section must not be con- stru-d to affect the power bf a
testitor in the disposition of. his real property by a ]lst will and testament,
nor to preveit any trust from arising or being extinguished by iliieation or
operation of law, nor to abridge the power of any court to compel the s)cific
performance of rn agreement, in ease of part performnnce thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-018570

3275. The preceding Section must not be construed to affect the power of a
testator in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament,
nor to prevent any trust from arising or being extinguished by implication or
operation of law, nor to abridge the power of any court to compel the specific
performance of an agreement, in case of part performance thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-011480

1047. The last section shall not be construed to affect ‘the power of a testator
in the disposition of his real property by a last will and testament, nor to
prevent a trust arising or being extinguished by implication or operation of
law, nor to affect the power of a court to compel specific performance of an
agreement in relation to such property.

-----------------------------------------------


