Exemplar: CA1858-005360
Earliest: NY1850-016120
Documents in cluster: 21
Cluster ID: 2233

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-016120

1478. Upon the evidence so taken, the court or officer must determine, whether
the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if it be
adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine must be imposed upon him, not
exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or he must be imprisoned not exceeding
six months, or both. But in the discretion of the court, or officer, (in case
of inability to pay the fine, or endure the imprisonment,) he may be relieved in
such manner and upon such terms as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-005440

488. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the Court or Judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a line may beimposed on him
not exceeding live hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-008890

12. pen the evidence so taken, the court or oihcer must determine whether
the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if it be
ad'udged-that he is guilty of the contempt, a line must be im ed upon im, not
exceeding two hundred and iifty dollars, or he must imprisoned not exceeding
six months, or both. - But in the discretion of the court or oiiicer, (in case
of inability to pay the line, or endure the imprisonment,) he maybe relieved in
such manner, and upon such terms as ma be just.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-015770

1456. Upon the evidence so taken, the court or oiiicer must determine, whether
the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if it be
adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine must be imposed upon him, not
exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or he must be imprisoned not exceeding
six months, or both. But in the discretion of the court or ofticer (in case of
inability to pay the tine, or endure the imprisonment), he may be relieved in
such manner and upon such terms as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-010170

9. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding two hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding four
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-005360

488. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-008720

12. Upon the evidence so taken, the court or officer must determine whether
the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if it be
adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine must be imposed upon him, not
exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or he must be imprisoned not exceeding
six months, or both. But in the discretion of the court or officer, (in case of
inability to pay the fine, or endure the imprisonment,) he may be relieved in
such manner and upon such terms as may be just.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-004840

435. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the erson roceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and) if it
e adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five days,
or both.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-004970

446. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt ch ed, and if it
be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a nc may be imposed on him not
exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceedin five days,
or both.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004910

490. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a line may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004890

488. Upon the answer and evidence taken, tbe conrt or judge shall determine
wbetber the person proceeded against is guilty of tbe comtempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding live hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding tive
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-005150

468. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the Court or Judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-005090

466. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the: Court, or Judge, shall determine
whether the person pro-1 ceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged; and
if 1t be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a line may be irnposed on
him not exceeding two hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding
five-days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-009640

1218. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the Court or Judge must determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a line may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-003820

490. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and, if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003790

329. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt,a fine may be imposed upon him,
not exceeding five thousand dollars.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-012750

1218. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge must determine
whether the person pro ceeded against-is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or lie may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-009010

839. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the Court or Judge must determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contem it, a line may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hun red dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-002550

355. (329.) Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge shall
determine whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the con tempt
charged, and if it be ad) udged that he is guilty of the contempt, a ﬁne may
be imposed upon him, not exceeding ﬁve thousand dollars. [Imprisonment till
performanee—(‘/ommltment spec-lfy.]

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-012150

2179. Upon the answer and evidence taken the court or judge must determine
whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt charged, and if
it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be imposed on him
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not exceeding five
days, or both.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-009820

3367. Judgment. Penalty. Upon the answer and evidence taken, the court or judge
must determine whether the person proceeded against is guilty of the contempt
charged, and if it be adjudged that he is guilty of the contempt, a fine may be
imposed on him not exceeding two hundred dollars, or he may be imprisoned not
exceeding five days, or both. [C. L. § 3830. Cal. Civ. C. P. I 1218*.

-----------------------------------------------


