Exemplar: NY1849-000310
Earliest: NY1848-000350
Documents in cluster: 9
Cluster ID: 11230

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-000350

25. The places appointed within the several counties, for holding the general
and special terms, circuit courts, and courts of oyer and terminer, shall be
those designated by statute for holding county or circuit courts. If a room for
holding thecourt in such place shall not be provided by the superyisors, it may
be held in any room provided for that purpose, by the sheriff, as prescribed by
section thirty-one.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-000310

24. The places appointed within the several counties, for holding the general
and special terms, circuit courts and courts of oyer and terminer, shall be
those designated by statute for bolding county or circuit courts. If a room for
holding the court in such place shall not be provided by the supervisors, it may
he held in any room provided for that purpose, by the sherid', as prescribed by
section twenty-eight.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-000730

63. The place appointed in each of the counties, for holding the general and
special terms and circuits, must be the court house therein.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-000310

24. The places appointed within the several coudienfu holding the general
and special terms, circuit court: and coat: of oyer andterniner, shall
bethosedesignated bystdstefw holding county or circuit courts. [f a room for
holding the court in such place shall not be provided by the supervisan, it may
be held in any room provided for that purpose, by the shevjf, as prescribed by
section twenty-eight. General and special terms of the supreme or county curl:
and circuit courts and courts of oyer and terminer, maybe adjourned to be held
on any future day, by an entry to tvz made in the minutes of the court ; and
juries may be drain and summoned for an adjourned circuit or county court, or as
adjourned court of oyer and terminer, and cause: may be asticed for trial at an
adjourned circuit or county court, in the same manner as such courts were held
by original appointment.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-002110

194. General and special terms of the supreme or county courts, and circuits,
and courts of oyer and terminer, may be adjourned to be held on any future day,
by an entry to be made in the minutes of the court ; and juries may be drawn and
summoned for any additional circuit or county court, or an adjourned court of
oyer and terminer; and causes may be noticed for trial at an adjourned circuit
or county court in the same manner as if such courts were held by original
appointment. ARTICLE VII. SEALS OF THE COURTS OF JUSTICE.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-000650

60. The place appointed ‘in each of the counties, for holding . the general
and special terms and circuits, must be that designated by statute for holding
county or circuit courts. If a room for holding the-court in such place be not
provided by the supervisors, it may be for that purpose by the sheriii‘, as
provided by section 200.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-000180

24. [25.] (Am'd 1849, 1851, 1862.) Terms, where held.—Ad journments. The places
appointed within the several counties for holding the general and special terms,
circuit courts, and courts of oyer and terminer, shall be those designated by
statute for holding county or circuit courts. If a room for holding the court in
such place shall not be provided by the supervisors, it may be held in any room
provided for that purpose by the sheriff, as prescribed by section twenty-eight.
General and special terms of the supreme or county courts, and circuit courts,
and courts of oyer and terminer, may be adjourned to be held on any future day,
by an entry to be made in the min utes of the court ; and juries may be drawn
and summoned for an adjourned circuit or county court, or an adjourned court of
oyer and terminer, and causes may be noticed for trial at an adjourned circuit
or county court, in the same manner as if such courts were held by original
appointment. And speciaMerms may be adjourned to be held at a future day at the
chambers of any justice of said court residing within the district, by an entry
in the same manner, and then adjourned from time to time, as the justice holding
the same shall order and direct.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-000260

18. The places appointed within the several counties for holding circuit courts
shall be those designated by law. Terms of the circuit court may be adjourned
to be held on any future day by an entry to be made in the minutes of the court;
and juries may be drawn and summoned for an adjourned circuit court; and causes
may be tried at an adjourned circuit court in the same manner as if such courts
were held at the time fixed by law.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-000260

24. [25. J (Am'd 1849, 1851, 18G2.) Places of holding the courts. The places
appointed within the several counties for holding the general and special terms,
circuit courts and courts of oyer and terminer, shall be those designated by
statute for holding county or circuit courts. If a room for holding the court
in such place shall not be provided by the supervisors, it may be held in any
room provided for that purpose, by the sheriff, as prescribed by section twenty-
eight. General and special terms of the supreme or county courts and circuit
courts and courts of oyer and terminer may he adjourned to he held on any future
day, hy an entry to he made in the minutes of the court ; and juries may he
drawn and summoned for an adjourned circuit or county court, or an adjourned
court of oyer and terminer, and causes may he noticed for trial at an adjourned
circuit or county court, in the same manner as if such courts were held hy
original appointment. And special terms may he adjourned to he held at a future
day at the chamhers of any justice of said court residing within the district,
hy an entry in the same manner, and then adjourned from time to time, as the
justice holding the same shall order and direct.

-----------------------------------------------


