Exemplar: WI1849-012340
Earliest: NY1829-016290
Documents in cluster: 32
Cluster ID: 20497

-----------------------------------------------

NY1829-016290

Where the lien is on the undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if partition be made of the premises, &ha thereafter be a charge only
on the share assigned to such -party, and such share shall be first charged with
its just proportion of the t,Olts of the proceedings in partition, in preference
to any such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-012340

When the lien is on the undivided interest or estate of any of the parties, such
lien, if partition be made of the premises, shall thereafter be a charge only on
the share assigned to such party, and such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the proceedings in partition, in preference to
any such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-010170

924. When the lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share
assigned to such party; but such share must be first charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004220

5. When the lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, is thenceforth acharge only en the share
assigned to such party, but such share must be nrst charged with its first
proportion of the costs of the partition in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003090

281. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party ; but such share shall be first charged with‘its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1852-005570

2686. “Then there is a lien on an undivided interest of ' any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition is made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share
assigned to such party; but such share must first be charged with its just
roportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such 'en.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010000

915. When the lien is on an undivided interest or estate of -any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share
assigned to such party; but ‘such share must be tirst charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005010

18. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thereafter be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-008300

8. When the lien is on the undivided interest or estate of ~ny of the parties,
such lien, if partition be made of the premises, shall thereafter be ~ charge
only on the share assigned to such party, and such share shall be first charged
with its just proportion of the costs of the proceedings in partition, in pref
ere nee to any such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003030

281. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party ; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004190

5. When the lien is on an undivided interest or estate of _ any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share
assigned to such party, but such share must be first charged with its nrst
proportion of the costs of the partition in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007350

678. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate h 1' of the action. of
any of the parties, such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a
charge only on the share assigned to such party; but such share shall be first
charged with its just roportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to
such ien.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005040

421. The plaintifff may at his option, make creditors having a lien upon the
property or any portion thereof, other than by judgment or decree, defendants
in the suit. When the lien is upon an undivided interest or estate of any of
' the parties, such lien, if a partition be made, is theuceforth alien only on
the share assigned to such party; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007590

697. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition ‘be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assi ned to such party; but such share shall be first charged witg its
just proportion of the costs of partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002840

283. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such - lien.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005530

509. When alien on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties, such
lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the share
assigned to such party, but such share shall first be charged with its just
proportion of the costs of partition in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1867-006200

3114. (2686) Lien against one attaches only to his share-Wh611 there is a lien
on an undivided interest of an of the parties, such lien, if a partition is
made, is thenceforth a 0 large only on the Share assigned to such party ; but
such share must ﬁrst be charged WItll its just proportion of the costs of the
partition, in preference to such hen.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-002860

281. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be u charge only on the
share assigned to such party ; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003090

283. When a lien is on an undivided interest or‘ estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party, but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the “costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003040

281. W en a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of an of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, 3 shall hence orth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party, but such share a shall be first charged with its
just Egoportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such n.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006010

769. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share must first be charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1876-006500

3508 (3114). Lien a/jainst one attaches only to his share. —When there is a
lien on an undivided interest of any of the parties, such lien, if a partition
is made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share assigned to such party ; but
such share must first be charged with its just proportion of the costs of the
partition, in prefer ence to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002340

283. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share shall be first charged with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in prefer ence to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-005910

565. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share must first be charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008430

769. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share must be first charged with its Just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in prefer ence to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005470

504. When alien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share must first be charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lieu.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007030

5379. When a lien is 011 a11 undivided interest or estate of -any of the
parties, such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenoeforth be a charge only
on the share assigned to such party; but -such share must first be charged with
its just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


AL1887-007120

3247. (3508). Lien against one attaches only to his share. When there is a lien
on an individual interest of any ot the parties, such lien, if a partition is
made, is thenceforth a charge only on the share assigned to such party ; but
such share must first be charged with its just proportion of the costs of the
par tition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005230

425. [421.] [Cm. v, and all maybe 6 in issue by the others and trie :
Illorenliout v. Hi guera, 32 Id. 295; Senter v. De Banal, 38 Id. 642. The
plaintifff may, at his option, make creditors having alien upon the property or
any portion thereof, other than by judgment or decree, defendants in the suit.
When the lien is upon an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a. partition be made, is thenceforth a lien only upon the share
as signed to such party; but such share shall be ﬁrst charged with its just
proportion of the costs of the par tition, in preference to such lien. on. 11,
1862, 9 422.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007430

1364. When a lien is on an undivided interest or estate of any of the parties,
such lien, if a partition be made, shall thenceforth be a charge only on the
share assigned to such party; but such share must be first charged, with its
just proportion of the costs of the partition, in preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012770

3539. Disposal of lien on undivided interest. When a lien is on an undivided
interest or estate of any of the parties, such lien, if a partition be made,
shall henceforth be a charge only on the share assigned to such party, but
such share must be first charged with its just proportion of the costs of the
partition, in preference to such lien. [C. L. §3496. Cal. C. Civ. P. i 769.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004430

399. The plaintifff shall make creditors having liens upon the property or
any gortion thereof, defendants in the agion. hen the ien is upon an undivided
interest or estate of any of the parties, such lien, if a partition be made, is
thenceforth a lien only upon the share assigned to such party, but such share
shall be first charged with its just proportion o the costs of the partition, in
preference to such lien.

-----------------------------------------------


