Exemplar: MO1856-002350
Earliest: NY1829-022340
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 9467

-----------------------------------------------

NY1829-022340

Whenever several suits shall be pending in the same court, by the same
plaintifff" against the same defendant, for causes of action which may be
joined, the court in which the same shall be prosecuted may, in its discretion,
if it shall appear expedient, order the several suits to be consolidated into
one action. 82

-----------------------------------------------


AR1838-002400

Whenever several suits shall be pending in the same court, by the same
plaintifff, against the same defendant, for causes of action which may be
joined, or where several suits are pending in the same court, by the same
plaintifff, against several defendants, which may be joined, the court in. which
the samefliay be , prosecuted, may, in its discretion, order such suits to be
consolidated into one action.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-010030

878. When several suits may be pending in the same Court, by the same plaintifff
or plaintifffs, against the same defendant or defendants, for causes of action
which may be joined, the Court may, if the ends of justice will be promoted
thereby, order such suits to be consolidated.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1856-002350

49. Whenever several suits, founded alone upon liquidated demands, shall be
pending in the same court, by the same plaintifff against the same defendant,
or whenever several such suits are pending in the same court, by the same
plaintiff against several defendants, the court in which the same shall be
prosecuted, may, in its discretion, if it appear expedient, order such suits to
be consolidated into one action.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-001100

4554. Whenever several suits shall be pending int eh same court by the same
plaintifff against the same defendant, for causes of action which may he joined,
or where several suits are pending in the same court, by the 83.1110 plaintifff
against several defendants, which may be joined, the court in which the same may
be prosecuted may, in its discretion, order such suits to be consolidated into
one action.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1879-001970

3656. Whenever several suits, founded alone upon li uidated demands, shall be
pending in the same court, by the same plaintiffg are pending in the same court,
by the same plaintifffâ€™ against several defendants, the court in which the same
shall be prosecuted, may, in its disagainst the same defendant, or W ienever
several such suits. cretion, if it appear expedient, order such suits to be
consolidated into one , action.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-001090

5018. Whenever several suits shall be pending in the same court by the same
plaintifff against the same defendant, for causes of action which may be joined,
or where several suits are pending in the same court by the same plaintifff
against several defendants, which may be joined, the court in which the same may
be prosecuted may, in its discretion, order such suits to be con solidated into
one action (ee).

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-002950

270. Whenever several suits may be pending in the same court by the same
plaintifff against the same defendant for causes of action which may be joined,
or where several suits are pending in the same court by the same plaintifff
against several defendants which may be joined, the court in which the same are
pending may in its discretion order such suits to be consolidated.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-001070

5707. Whenever several suits shall be pending in the same court by the same
plaintifff against the same defendant, for causes of action which may be joined,
or where several suits are pending in the same court by the same plaintifff
against several defendants, which may be joined, the court in which the same may
be prosecuted may in its discretion, order such suits to be consolidated into
one action (pp).

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-002860

355.) Whenever several suits may be pending in the same court by the same
plaintifff against the same defendant for causes of action which may be joined,
or where several suits are pending in the same court by the same plaintifff
against several defendants which may be joined, the court in which the same are
pending may in its dis cretion order such suits to be consolidated.

-----------------------------------------------


