Exemplar: NY1850-002050
Earliest: NY1850-002050
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 11411

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-002050

183. Upon the agreement of the parties to a civil action, or a proceeding of a
civil nature, filed with the clerk, or entered upon the minutes, the court may
direct the trial of an issue of law or of fact, or any other proceeding therein,
to be private; and upon such direction, all persons shall be excluded, except
the officers of the court, the parties, their witnesses, and counsel. ARTICLE
II. INCIDENTAL POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE CXJURTS OF JUSTICE. Powers of courts
respecting the conduct of judicial proceedings. Court of appeals and supreme
court may make rules of practice, to carry this code into effect. Rules of
supreme court, to what courts applicable.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-002200

198. Upon the agreement of the parties to a civil action or a proceeding of a
civil nature, filed with the clerk or entered upon the minutes, the court may
direct that the trial of an issue of law or of fact, or any other proceeding
therein, be had elsewhere than at the courthouse.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-001870

170. Upon the agreement of the parties to a civil action, or aproceeding of
a‘civil nature, filed with the clerk, or entered upon the minutes, the court may
direct the trial of an issue of law or of fact, or any other proceeding therein,
to be private; and upon such direction,- all persons shall be excluded, except
the officers of the court, the parties, their witnesses and counsel. ARTICLE II.
INCIDENTAL POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE COURTS OF JUSTICE.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-002020

185. Upon the agreement of the parties to a civil action or a proceeding of a
civil nature, filed with the clerk or entered upon the minutes, the court may
direct that the trial of an issue of ‘law or of fact, or any other proceeding
therein, be had elsewhere than at the court house. '

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-010720

902. Upon the agreelnent. of the parties to a civil action, suit or proceeding,
filed with the. clerk, or entered upon the journal, the court may direct that
the trial of an issue of law or of fact, or any other proceeding therein, be had
elsewhere within the county than at the court house.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-010680

898. The sittings of every court of justice are public, except as provided in
this section. Upon the agreement of the parties to a County, State of civil
action. suit or proceeding filed with the clerk, or entered upon the journal,
the court may direct the trial of an issue of law or fact, or any other
proceeding therein, to be private; and upon such order being made, all persons
shall be excluded, except the officers of the court, the parties, their xx-
itiiesses and counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-010950

924. [898.] The sittings of every court of justice are public, except as
provided in this section. Upon the O t. 11, 133 agreement of the parties to
a civil action, suit, or pro ceeding, ﬁled with the clerk or entered upon the
journal, Sittings oi _ court to be public. the court may direct the trial of an
issue of law or fact, dw. When may be private. or any other proceeding therein,
to be private; and upon such order being made, all persons shall be excluded,
except the ofﬁcers of the court, the parties, their witnesses and counsel. See
Constitution, art. 1, § 11.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-007880

715. The sittings of every court of justice are ‘public, except as provided in
this section. U n the agreement of t e parties to a civil action or proceeding,
file with the clerk or entered upon the journal, the court_ may direct the trial
of an issue of law or fact, or any other proceedin therein, to be private; and
upon such order being made all rsons sha be excluded elaxcept the officers of
the court, the parties eir witnesses and counse .

-----------------------------------------------


