Exemplar: NY1850-019730
Earliest: NY1850-019730
Documents in cluster: 25
Cluster ID: 12109

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-019730

1806. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a prison within this state, an
order for his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary
removal and production, before a court or officer, for the purpose of being
orally examined, may be made, as follows : 1. By the court itself, in which the
action or special proceeding is pending unless it be a justice’s court: 2. By a
judge of the supreme court, or county judge of the county, where the action or
proceeding is pending, if pending in a justice’s court, or before a judge, or
other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-004570

412. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison ‘ within
this State, for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a Court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may be made, as follows : lst. By the Court itself, in which the action or
special proceeding is pending: ' ' 2d. By a Judge of the Supreme Court, District
Court, or County Judge of the County where the action or proceeding is pending,
if before a Judge or other person out of Court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-018280

1682. If the witness be prisoner, confined in a prison within this state, an
order for his examination in the’ prison upon deposition, or for his temporary
removal and production, before a court or officer, for the purpose of being
orally examined, may be made, as follows: . 1. By the court itself, in which the
action or special proceeding is pending, unless it be a justice’s court: 2. By
a judge of the supreme court or county judge of the coun-,' ty where the action.
or proceeding is pending, if pending in a‘ justice’s court, or before a judge,
or other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-003500

15. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
territory, an order for his examination in prison, upon deposition, or for his
temporary removal and production before a court or officer, for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be issued.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-003260

303. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
territory, an order for his examination in prison, upon deposition, or for his
temporary removal and production before a court or oihcer, for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be issued.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004490

412. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within
this state for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may be made as follows : lst. By the court itself, in which the action or
special proceeding is pending ; 2d. By a judge of the supreme court, district
court, or county judge of the county where the action or proceeding is pending,
if before a judge or other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-002550

225. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
territory, an order for his examination in prison, upon deposition, or for his
temporary removal and production before a court or officer, for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be made.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-003990

360. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or ‘ prison within this
territory, for any other cause than a sentence or felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a court or ocher for the purpose of being orally examined, may
be made as follows: First. By the court itself, in which the action or special
proceeding is pending. Second. de a judge of the supreme court, district court,
or probate ju ge of the county where the action or proceeding is pending, if
before a judge or other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-009290

791. If the vritness be a prisoner, confined in a prison within this state, an
order for his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary
rcmoral and production, before a court or officer, for the purpose of being
orally examined, may be made as follows: 1. By the court or judge thereof in
which the action, suit or proceeding is pending, unless it be a court of a
justice‘ of the peace. 2. By any judge of a court of record, when the action,
suit or proceeding is pending in a justlcc’s court, or when the witness’
deposition, affidavit, or oral examination is required before a judge or other
person out of court. ' 3. Such order shall only be made upon the affidavit of
the party desiring the order or some one on his ‘behalf, showing the nature
of the action, suit or proceeding, the testimony expected from the witness and
its materiality. ' ; 4. If the witness be imprisoned in the county where the
action, suit or proceeding is pending, and for a cause other than a sentence
for felony», his production may be required; in all other‘ cases his examination
shall be taken by deposition. “

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-004100

370. If the Witness be a prisoner, confined in jail or prison within this
territory, for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before acourt or omer for the purpose of being orally examined, may
be made as follows: First. By the court itself, in which the action or special
proceeding is pending. Second. By a judge of the supreme court, district court,‘
or probate judge of the county where the action or proceeding is pending, if
before a judge or other erson out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004150

414. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
Territory for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition or for his temporary removal and
production before a court or oilicer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may be made as follows: 1. By the court itself in which the action or special
proceedin is pending. 2. By a judge of the supreme court or district court where
t e, action or proceeding is pending, if before a judge or other person out of
court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-003640

332. If the witness be a prisoner confined in jail or prison within this
Territory, for any other cause than asentence for felony, an order for his
examination in prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may be made as follows: First, by the court itself in which the action or
proceeding is pending. Second, By a judge of the supreme court, district court,
or probate judge of the county where the action or proceeding is pending, if
before a judge or other person ‘out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004170

412. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within this
State, for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for bis
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may he made, as follows: First. By the court itself, in which the action or
special proceeding is pending. Second. By a judge of the supreme court, district
court, or county judge of the county where the action or proceed­ ing is
pending, if before a judge or other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-004350

398. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within
this State for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a Court or oilicer for the Purpose of being orally examined,
may be made as follows: First—By the Court. itself in which the action or
special proceeding is pending. Second—By a Judge of the Supreme Court or
District Court where the action or proceeding is pending, if before a Judge or
other person out of Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-004290

396. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within this
Territory for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
exammation in the prison ‘ upon de sition, or for his temporary removal and
production before a ‘ourt or officer for the 1purpose of being orally examined,
may be made by the Con or Judge thereof, in which the action or special
proceeding is pending. A

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-015740

1995. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within this
State, an order for his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his
temporary removal and production before a Court or officer for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be made as follows: 1. By the Court itself in which
the action or special proceeding is pending, unless it be a J ustice’s Court; 2.
By a Justice of the Supreme Court, Judge of the District Court, or County Judge
of the cotmty where the action or proceeding is pending, if pending before a J
ustice’s Court or before a Judge or other person out of Court.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-003680

389. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
Territory, an order for his ex­ amination in prison, upon deposition, or for his
temporary re· moval and production before a court or officer, for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be issued.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-003260

414. If the witness be a prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this
Territory for any other cause than a sentence for felony, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his tem porary removal and
production before a court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined,
may be made as follows: 1. By the court itself in which the action or special
proceeding is pending. 2. By a judge of the supreme court or district court
where the action or proceeding is pending, if before a judge or other person out
of court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-020810

1995. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within this
State, an order for his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his
temporary re moval and production before a court or officer, for the purpose of
being orally examined, may be made as fol lows: 1. By the court itself in which
the action or special pro ceeding is pending, unless it be a Justice's Court;
2. By a justice of the Supreme Court, or a judge of the Superior Court of the
county where the action or proceed ing is pending, if pending before a Justice's
Court, or before a judge or other person out of court. [In effect April 16th,
1880.]

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-010260

951. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a ' jail or prison within this
Territory, an order f «r his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for
his temporary removal and production before a Court or officer for the purpose
of being orally examined, may be made as follows: 1. By the Court itself in
which the action or specaal proceeding is pending, unless it be a J ustice’s
urt. 2.‘ By aJustice of the Supreme Court, Judge of the District Court or
Probate Judge of the county where the action or proceeding is pending, if ending
before a .(I)i(1)stice’s Court or before a Judge or ot ier person out of uric.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-009470

801. [791.] If the witness be a prisoner, conﬁned p7c;,L11.1asz, in a prison
within this state, an order for his examina tion in the prison upon deposition,
or for his temporary §:piv1l§§:,be removal and production, before a court or
oﬂicer, for the oggxmgggid purpose of being orally examined, may be made as
fol lows:— \ 1. ‘ By the court or judge thereof in which the action, suit, or
proceeding is pending, unless it be a court of a justice of the peace; 2. By
any judge of a court of record, when the action, suit, or proceeding is pending
in a justice’s court, or when the witness’s deposition, affidavit, or oral
examina tion is required before a judge or other person out of court; 3. Such
order shall only be made upon the aiﬁdavit of the party desiring the order, or
some one on his be half, showing the nature of the action, suit, or proceeding,
the testimony expected from the witness, and its materi ality; , 4. If the
witness be imprisoned in the county where the action, suit, or proceeding is
pending, and for a cause other than a sentence for felony, his production may be
required; in all other cases, his examination shall be taken by deposition,

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-018770

3310. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a jail or prison within this
State, an order for his examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his
temporary removal and production before a court or officer, for the pur­ pose of
being orally examined, may be made as follows: 1. By the court itself in which
the action or special proceeding is pending, unless it be a justice's court.
2. By a justice of the Supreme Court, or a judge of the District Court of the
county where the action or proceeding is pending, if pending before a justice's
court or before a judge or other person out of court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-010970

2. By a justice of the supreme court or by a judge of the district court of the
county where the action or proceeding is pending, if pending before a justice's
court or before a judge or other person out of court. [C. L. § 3932*. Cal. C.
Civ. P. \ 1993.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-010950

3427. When witness a prisoner, order for production. If the wit ness be a
prisoner confined in a jail or prison within this state, an order for his
examination in the prison upon deposition, or for his temporary removal and pro
duction before a court or officer for the purpose of being orally examined, may
be made as follows:

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-006970

636. If the witness be a prisoner, confined in a prison within the district, an
order for his examination in the prison upon a deposition, or for his temporary
removal and production, before a court or <f)flilcer, for the purpose of being
orally examined, may be made as o1 ows: First. B the court or judge thereof
in which the action or proceedin is pen ing, unless it be a court of a justice
of the peace; . cond. By any judge of a court of record, when the action or
proceeding is pending in a justice’s court, or when the witness’s deposition,
afiidavlt, or oral examination is required before a judge or other person out
of court; Third. Such order shall only be made u on the affidavit of the party
desiring the order, or some one on his be alf, showing the nature of the action
or roceeding, the testimony expected from the witness, and its materia ity; ,
Fourth. If the witness be imprisoned at the place where the action or roceeding
is pendin , and for a cause other than a sentence for felony, ° roduction may ei
required; in all other cases his examination shall) be taken by deposition.

-----------------------------------------------


