Exemplar: OR1854-002250
Earliest: NY1850-003710
Documents in cluster: 27
Cluster ID: 16795

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-003710

338. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge,
must appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the county
in which the action or proceeding is triable.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-002210

52. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties; if the parties do not agree, the court or judge must
appoint one or more, not exceeding three, who residebiln the county in which the
action is brought, or the is tria e.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-002020

184. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not ex— j ceeding
three, agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, ‘ the Court or
Judge shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-003540

327. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do notagree, the court or judge must
appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the county in
which the action or proceeding is triable. I

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-002250

28. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding three, who reside in the county in which the
action is brought or the proceeding is triable.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-002210

208. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree. the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding three, who reside in the county in which the
action is brought, or the proceeding is triable.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001990

184. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-002250

52. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties; if the parties do not agree, the court or judge must
appoint one or more, not exceeding three, who reside in the county in which the
action is brought, or the proceeding is triable.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001980

184. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-002590

220. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding three.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-002000

186. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. It the parties do not agree, the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceedm three.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001700

159. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding three.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001870

186. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceedlng three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in Which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001880

184. A reference may be ordered to any person or per­ sons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is triable and against whom there is
no legal objection, or the reference may be made to a court com;.issioner of the
county where the cause is pending.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-002040

186. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the Court or Judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is trigile, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001980

184. A reference may be ordered to- any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed u on by‘the parties. If the parties do not agree, the COurt or udge shall
a’ point one or more referees, not exceedingthree, who reSide in t e County, in
which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is no legal
objectlon.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004960

640. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the Court or Judge must
appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the county in
which the action or proceeding is triable, and against Whom there is no legal
objection, or the reference may be made to a Court Commissioner of the county
Where the cause is pending.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-002370

224. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding three who reside in the county in which the
action is brought or the proceedings are triable.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-002100

189. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
shall appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the .
county where the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is no
legal objection; or the reference may be made to a referee of the county where
the cause is pending. Every referee, before acting as such, shall take and
subscribe an oath or affirmation before some authorized officer, which shall
be filed with the clerk of the court by which he is appointed, that he will
honestly, impartially and faithfully perform the duties of referee in the action
or matter referred to him, as required by law, to the best of his knowledge and
ability.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-002860

273. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge
must appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the county
or subdivision in which the ac tion or proceeding is triable, and against whom
there is no legal ob jection.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-006600

640. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge must
ap point one or more referees, not exceeding three, who re side in the county
in which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is no legal
objection, or the reference may be made to a court commissioner of the county
Three Reference Court referees—two commissioner—sec. where ordered—see the cause
maysees. act, is 638, 259,

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-004290

396. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed u on by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the urt or Judge must
ap oint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who resi e in the county in
which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is no legal
objection.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-003370

5073. A reference may be ordered to any person 01 .. persons, not exceeding
three, agreed u1)011 by the parties, If tho parties do not agree, the court or
judge must appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, w 110 reside i11
the county or subdivision i11 which the action 01" proceeding is triable, and
against whom there is no legal objection. ·

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-002830

221. 2' the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge may appoint
one or more, not exceeding three.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-005950

1132. A reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not ex­ ceeding
three, agreed upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or
judge must appoint one or more referees, not exceeding three, who reside in the
county in which the action or proceeding is triable, and against whom there is
no legal objection.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-005760

3174. Referees agreed upon or appointed by court. Number. Qualifications. A
reference may be ordered to any person or persons, not exceeding three, agreed
upon by the parties. If the parties do not agree, the court or judge must
appoint one or more referees not exceeding three, who reside in the judicial
district in which the action or proceeding is triable and against whom there is
no legal objection. fC. L. § 3385. Cal. C. Civ. P. \ 640*. When three appointed,
all must meet but majority may act, f 3481.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-002330

213. A re erence may be ordered to any erson or persons, not exceeding three,
agreed upon by the parties. the parties do not agree, the court or judge may
appoint one or more, not exceeding t ree.

-----------------------------------------------


