Exemplar: NY1850-003030
Earliest: NY1850-003030
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 11454

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-003030

271. At least six days before the court, the sheriff must summon the persons
named in the panel delivered to him, to attend the court, by giving written
notice to each of them personally, or by leaving it at his place of residence,
with some person of suitable age and discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-002860

260. At least six days before the court, the sheriff must summon the persons
named in the panel delivered to him, to attend the court, by giving Written
notice to each of them personally, or by leaving it at his place of residence,
with some person of suitable age and discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-007290

7. At least five days before the opening of the court, the sheriff shall summon
the persons named in the lists delivered to him, to attend the court, by giving
written notice to each of them personally, or by leaving the same at his place
of residence, with some person of suitable age and discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-011100

931. At least five days before the first day of the term, the sheriff shall
summon the persons named in the panel delivered to him, to attend the court, by
giving written notice to each of them personally or by leaving the same at his
place of residence, with some person of suitable age and discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-011410

962. [931.] At least ﬁve days before the ﬁrst day of g>9°§~1_11'1$62' the term
the sheriff shall summon the persons named in Jurors. how [the] panel delivered
to him to attend the court, by giving wmmoned written notice to each of them
personally, or by leaving the same at his place of residence with some person of
suitable age and discretion. See note to § 968.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-011580

93]. At least ﬁve days before the ﬁrst day of the term, the sheriff ne ng
jurigs. shull summon the persons named as grand jurors in the panel delivered
to him to attend the court on the ﬁrst day thereof, by givmg written notice,
specifying the cnpacit in which they are to attend and the time when, to each
of them, persona ly, or by leaving the same at his place of residence with some
person of suitable age and discretion; and he shall, within the same time and
in like manner, summon the persons named as trial jurors in the panel delivered
to him to attend the court on the fourth day thereof, unless the same be a term
appointed by the court or judge thereof, when the trial jury may be summoned to
attend such term on such a day thereof as such court or judge may prescribe in
the order appointing the term. SE0. 6. That section 932 of said title 3 of said
chapter and code be amended so as to read as follows: —

-----------------------------------------------


