Exemplar: AZ1865-002510
Earliest: NY1850-009980
Documents in cluster: 20
Cluster ID: 1572

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-009980

907. If the debt, for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs the sale must cease; and afterwards as often as more becomes
due, for principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire
debt and costs be paid, there being a rebate of interest, where such rebate is
proper.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-002730

248. If the debt, for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as sutiicient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease: and afterwards as often as more becomes
due, for principal or interest, the Court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-009810

898. If the debt,for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held, be not
a_ll due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale must cease ; and afterwards as often as more becomes
due, for principal or interest, the court may, on' motion, order more to be
sold. But if the propertycannot be sold in portions, without injury to the
parties, the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the
entire debt and costs be paid, there being a rebate of interest, where such
rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-002680

248. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held, be not all
due, so soon as suiiicient of the property has been sold to pay the amount due,
with costs, the sale shall cease; and afterwards, as often as more becomes due,
for principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-002690

248. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease; and afterwards, as often as more becomes
due, for princi a1 or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sol .
But, if the property cannot be sold in portions without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-002800

258. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held, be not all
due, so soon as sufiicient of the property has been sold to pay the amount due,
with costs, the sale shall cease; and afterwards, as often as more becomes due,
for rincipal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to e sold. But if
the proper? cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties, t e whole
may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt and costs
paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-002510

250. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease; and afterwards, as often as more becomes
due for principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property cannot be sold in portions without injury to the parties,
the whole 'may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-002530

248. If the debt, for which the mortgage, lien, or in­ cumbrauce is held, be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease; and afterwards as more becomes due, for
principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But if
the property cannot be sold in por­ tions, without injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-002730

250. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease ; and afterwards, as often as more becomes
due for principal or interest, the Court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But it' the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there beipg a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-002680

248. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon, as sufficient of the prOperty has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease, and afterwards, as often as more becomes
due for' rinci al or intacst, the Court may, on motion, order more to .Sol .
But if the pro erty cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties,
e Whole may be ordered to be sold in the firstinstance, and: the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a. rebate Of interest where such rebate is ,prOper.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-005670

728. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held is not all
due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount due,
with costs, the sale must cease; and afterwards, as often as more becomes due,
for principal or interest, the Court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions, Without injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the f1rst instance, and the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002040

250. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or incum brance is held to be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due with costs, the sale shall cease: and after ward, as often as more becomes
due for prinoipal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property cannot be sold in portions without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a re bate of interest where such rebate is proper.
Actions for Nuisance, Waste and Willful Trespass in certain cases on Real
Property.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-002610

231. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held, be not
all due, so soon as suihcient of =the property has been sold to pay the amount
due with costs, the sale shall cease, and erwards as often as more becomes due
for principal or interest,‘ the court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions, without :injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the" entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008050

728. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or in cumbrance is held, is not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale must cease; and afterward, as often as more becomes
due, for principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the prop erty cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the par ties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first in stance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.
Installments-18 Cal. 650; 23 Cal. 16; 38 Cal. 249; 45 Cal. 165; also, see 15
Cal. 499.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005100

470. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held is not all
due, so soon as sullicient; of the property has been sold to ay the amount due,:
with costs, the sale must-cease; an afterwards, as often‘ as more. becomes due.
for principal or interest, the Court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-004750

608. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, is not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the )roperty has been sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale must cease, and afterwards, as often as more becomes
due for princi pal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-001650

150. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held be not all
due, so soon as sumcient of the property has been sold to pay the amount due,
with costs, the sale shall cease, and afterward, as often as more becomes due
for principal or interest, the court may. on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions without injury to the parties, the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance and the entire debt and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-006950

1292. If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or encumbrance is held is not all
due, as soon as sufficient of the property has been sold to pay the amount due,
with costs, the sale must cease; and afterward, as often as more becomes due,
for principal or interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But
if the property cannot be sold in portions, without injury to the parties. the
whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance and the entire debt. and
costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-012290

3502. Sale of property when debt due in instalments. If the debt for which the
mortgage, lien, or encumbrance is held, is not all due, as soon as sufficient
of the property has been sold to pay the amount due, with costs, the sale must
cease, and afterward, as often as more becomes due for principal or interest,
the court may, on motion, order more to be sold. But if the property cannot
be sold in portions without injury to the parties, the whole maybe ordered to
be sold in the first instance, and the entire debt and costs paid, there being
a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper. [C. L. § 3462. Cal. C. Civ.
P. ? 728. of whole property hereunder. Hartog v. Tibbetts Complaint drawn on the
theory that whole in- 1 U. 328. debtalness is due, will not support a decree for
sale

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-001620

224.) If the debt for which the mortgage, lien or in cumbrance is held be not
all due, so soon as sufficient of the property has fen sold to pay the amount
due, with costs, the sale shall cease, and afterward, as often as more becomes
due for principal and interest, the court may, on motion, order more to be sold.
But if the property can not be sold in portions without injury to the parties,
the whole may be ordered to be sold in the first instance and the entire debt
and costs paid, there being a rebate of interest where such rebate is proper.
For or against one or more of several parties. J u d gment may pass title. lad
ement. how enforced. Judgment In ac tion to foreclose in ii r t a a ges and
other liens. Property affect ed by Judgment, how sold. J udgments

-----------------------------------------------


