Exemplar: WI1849-001170
Earliest: NY1829-003070
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 20263

-----------------------------------------------

NY1829-003070

The proceeds of every sale made under the decree of a court of chancery, shall
be applied to the discharge of the debt adjudgÂ· ed by such court to be due, and
of the costs awarded ; and if there shall be- any surplus it shall be brought
into court for the use of the -defendant, or of the persop who may be entitled
thereto, subject to the order of the court. 48

-----------------------------------------------


WI1849-001170

The proceeds of every sale made under the decree of a court of chancery, shall
be applied to the discharge of the debt adjudged by such court to be due, and.
of the costs awarded; and: if there shall be any surplus it shall be brought
into court for the use of the defendant, or of the person who may be entitled
thereto, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-009850

35. The roceeds of every sale made under a decree in chancery, shall he app icd
to the discharge of the debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of the costs
awarded; and if there be any surplus, it shall be brought into court for the use
of the defendant, or of the person entitled thereto, subject to the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-008400

65. The proceeds of every such sale made under a decree in chancery, shall be
applied to the discharge of the.debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of
the costs awarded; and if there' be any surplus, it shall be brought into court
for the use of the defendant, or of the person entitled thereto, subject to the
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1857-008690

10. The proceeds of every sale made under a decree in chancery, shall be applied
to the discharge of the debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of the costs
awarded, and if there be any surplus, it shall be brought into court for the use
of the defendant, or of the person entitled thereto, subject to the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-009300

2. The proceeds of every sale made under such order shall be applied to the
discharge of the debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of the costs
awarded; and if there shall be any surplus, it shall be brought into court for
the use of the defendant, or of the person who may be entitled thereto, subject
to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-009210

16. The proceeds of every sale made under a decree in chancery, shall be applied
to the discharge of the debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of the costs
awarded; and if there be any surplus, it shall be brought into court for the use
of the defendant, or of the person entitled thereto, subject to the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-009350

854. he proceeds of every sale made under a,7 decree in chancery, shall be
applied to the discharge of the < debt adjudged by such court to be due, and of
the costs awarded, and if there be any sur lus, it shall be brought into court
for the use of the de endant, or of the person entitled thereto, subject to the
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


