Exemplar: CA1851-003250
Earliest: NY1850-010530
Documents in cluster: 21
Cluster ID: 2065

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010530

960. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003250

297. If the sale be confirmed by the Court, an order shall be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004580

41. If the sale be con rmed by the court an order must be entered, directing the
refereesto execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale, which
they are hereby authorized to do; such order may also give directions to them
respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale. -n

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010360

951. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale ;.
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respect-' ing the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005180

35. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order shall be directing the
referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale, which
they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to them
respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003190

297. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order shall be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuantto such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004550

41. If the sale be confirmed by the court an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do; such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007510

694. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order shall be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007750

713. If the sale be confirmed by the court an o er shall be entered, directing
the referees to execute cohveyances and take securities, pursuant to such sale
+which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the roceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003000

299. If the sale be coniirmed by the court, an order shall be entered directing
the referees to~ execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order ' may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the 8319.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005690

525. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order shall be entered directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take \ securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003020

297. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order shall be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyan­ ces and take securities pursuant to such sale;
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may a lso give direc­ tions
to them respecting the· diepositiou of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003250

299. If the sale be confirmed by the Court, an order shall be ' entered
directing the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to
such sale; which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give
directions to them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003190

297. If the sale be'con’rirmed by the Court, an order, shall be entered
directing the referees to execute conveyances and take securities ursuant .
to such. sale; which they are hereby authorized to o. Such‘order may also give
directions to them respectin the disposition of the prOceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006170

785. If the sale be confirmed by the Court an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006070

581. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposi tion of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008590

785. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute convey ances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005630

520. If the sale be confirmed by the Court an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-005150

668. If tfile sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered
directin.r' the referces to execute con- veyancus and take such securities
pursuant to such sale; which they are hereby aithorized to do. Such order may
also give direction to thein rcsp)cting the disposition of the proceeds of the
sale.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007590

1380. If the sale be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, directing
the referees to execute conveyances and take securities pursuant to such sale,
which they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give directions to
them respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-013000

3555. Order to convey after confirmation. Disposition of pro ceeds. If the sale
be confirmed by the court, an order must be entered, direct ing the referees
to execute conveyances and take such securities pursuant to such sale, which
they are hereby authorized to do. Such order may also give direction to them
respecting the disposition of the proceeds of the sale. [C. L. § 3512. Cul. C.
Civ. P. I 785.

-----------------------------------------------


