Exemplar: NY1850-012350
Earliest: NY1850-012350
Documents in cluster: 19
Cluster ID: 11813

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-012350

1136. The several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by
the justice, or his successor in office, are primary evidence to prove the facts
so dated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-006680

605. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be ‘ entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time i when they
occur. Such entries in a J ustice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified
by the Justice or his successor in odice, shall be primary evidence to prove the
facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-012180

1127. The several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate,and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certihed by
the justice or his successor in office are primary evidence to prove the facts
so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-009820

204. The several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when
occurred—(except that bills of exceptions, in regard to the ruling 0n questions
of law or evidence, need not be entered until after the judgment, unless
required by the justice or one of the parties.) Such entries in a justice’s
docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the justice or his.successor in
office, shall be evidence to prove the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008030

6. The several particulars of the last preceding section specified shall be
entered under the title of the action to which they relMe, and at the time
when they occur. Such entries in a justice's docket, or a transcript thereof
certified by the justice, or by the clerk of the circuit court after the docket
has been delivered to him, shall be prima faoia evidence to prove the facts so
stated therein. The justice or the clerk, as the case may be, shall, on being
paid at the rate of ten centa per hundred words therefore, furnish to any person
demanding the same, a certified transcript of such docket entries.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-006580

605. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a. justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified
by the justice or his successor in office, shall be primary evidence to prove
the facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-006020

545. The several particulars of the’ last section specified shall be entered,
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certitied by
the justice, or his successor in office, shall be primary evidence to prove the
facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-006190

560. he several particulars of the last section s ecined shall be entered, under
the title of the action to w ich they relate, and at the time when they occur.
Such entries in a justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the
justice or his successor in office, shall be primary evidence to prove the facts
so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-006080

607. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by
the justice or his successor in office, shall be prima facie evi. dence to prove
the facts so stated therein. >

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-006690

620. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
under the title to the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justices’ docket, or a transcript thereof certified to
by the justice or his sued cessor in oilice, shall be primary evidence to prove
the facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-011910

1087. be several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occurred, except that bills of exceptions, in regard to the rulings on questions
of law or evidence, need not be entered until after the judgment, unless
required by the justice or one of the parties; such entries in a justice’s
docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the justice or his successor in
office, shall be evidence to prove the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-006040

605. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
nuder the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice's docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by
the justice or his successor in olflce, shall be primary evidence to prove the
facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-009210

189. The several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when
they occurred, except that the bill of exceptions in regard to the ruling on
questions of law or evidence need not be entered until after the judgment,
unless required by the justices, or one of the parties. Such entries in a
justice's docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the justice, or his
successor in office, shall be evidence to prove the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-006160

563. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a Justice’s docket, or a. transcript thereof, certified
by the Justice or his successor in office, shall be primary evidence to prove
the facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-006120

561. The several articulars of the last Section specified, shall be entered
un er the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a. Justice’s docket, or a transcript thereof, certified
by the J ustice, or his successor in office, shall be primary evidence to prove
the facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-004860

607. The several particulars of the last section specified shall be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when they
occur. Such entries in a justice's docket or a tran script thereof, certified by
the justice or his successor in office, shall be prima facie evidence to prove
the facts so stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-006730

623. The several particulars of the last scctiun spectied must be entered
under the title of the action to _which they relate, and (unless otherwise in
this Code provided) at the time when they occur. Such en tries in a Probate or
Justices’ docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the Clerk or Justice, or
his successor in office, are primary evidence of the facts so stated.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-009790

2. The several particulars in the last section specified must be entered under
the title of the action to which they relate, and unless otherwise in this
chapter provided at the time when they occur. Such entries in a justice’s
docket, or a transcript thereof certified by the justice, or his successor in
office, art? /Jrima facic evidence of the facts so stated.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-010730

11. The several particulars in the last section specified, must be entered
under the title of the action to which they relate, and at the time when
they occurred, except that the bill of exceptions in regard to the ruling on
questions of law or evidence need not be entered until after the judgment,
unless required by the justices, or one of the parties. Such entries in a
justice's docket, or a transcript thereof, certified by the justice, or his
successor in office, shall be evidence to prove the facts stated therein.

-----------------------------------------------


