Exemplar: NY1876-003730
Earliest: NY1876-002900
Documents in cluster: 7
Cluster ID: 12811

-----------------------------------------------

NY1876-002900

267. Where a superior city court has jurisdiction of an action or special
proceeding, it possesses the same jurisdiction, authority, and power, in and
over the same, and in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme
court possesses in a like case; and it may render any judgment, or grant either
party any relief, which the supreme court might render or grant in a like case,
and may enforce its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And each judge
of the superior city court possesses the same power and authority, in the action
or special proceeding, which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like
action or special proceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1876-003730

348. Where a county court has jurisdiction of an action or a special proceeding,
it possesses the same jurisdiction, power and authority in and over the same,
and in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme court possesses
in a like case; and it may render any judgment, or grant either party any
relief, which the supreme court might render or grant in a like case, and may
enforce its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And the county judge
possesses the same power and authority, in the action or special proceeding,
which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like action or special
proceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1879-002940

267. Where a superior city eonrt has jurisdiction of an action or special
proceeding, it posseesee the same jurisdiction, authority, aud power, in and
over the same, and in the course of the proceedings therein, whic! the supreme
court po.ssesses in a like cas~; and .it may render any Judgment, or· grant
either party any rehef, which the supreme court might render or grant in a like
case, and may enforce its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And each
ju~e of the superior city court possesses the same power and authority, m the
action or special proceeding, which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in
a like action or special proceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1879-003770

848. Where a county court has jurisdiction of an action or a special proceeding,
it possesses the same jurisdiction, power and authority in and over the same,
and in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme court possessee
in a like case; and it may render any judg­ ment, or grant either party any
relief, which the supreme court mi~ht render or grant in a like case, and may
enforce its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And the county judge
possesses the same power and authority, in the action or special proceeding,
which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like action or special pro­
ceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1883-002760

267. Jurisdiction, etc., to be co-extensive with that of supreme court Where
a superior city court has jurisdiction of an action or special proceeding, it
possesses the same jurisdiction, authority, and power, in and over the same, and
in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme court possesses in
a like case ; and it may render any judgment or grant either party any relief,
which the supreme court might render or grant in a like case, and may enforce
its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And each judge of the superior
city court possesses the same power and authority, in the action or special
proceeding, which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like action or
special proceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1883-003550

347. County court may send its process to any county. A county court has power,
in an action or special proceeding of which it has jurisdic tion, to send
its process and other mandates into any county of the State, for service or
execution, and to enforce obedience thereto, with like power and authority as
the supreme court. 348. When jurisdiction, etc., co-extensive with supreme court
ere a county court has jurisdiction of an action or a special proceeding, it
possesses the same jurisdiction, power and authority in and over the same, and
in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme court pos sesses in
a like case; and it may render any judgment, or grant either party any relief,
which the supreme court might render or grant in a like case, and may enforce
its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And the county judge possesses
the same power and authority, in the action or special proceeding, which a
justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like action or special proceeding,
brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1891-002800

348. Where a county court has jurisdiction of an action or a special proceeding,
it possesses the same jurisdiction, power and authority in and over the same,
and in the course of the proceedings therein, which the supreme court possesses
in a like case ; and it may render any judgment, or grant either party any
relief, which the supreme court might render or grant in a like case, and may
enforce its mandates in like manner as the supreme court. And the county judge
pos sesses the same power and authority, in the action or special proceeding,
which a justice of the supreme court possesses, in a like action or special
proceeding, brought in the supreme court.

-----------------------------------------------


