Exemplar: MT1865-004820
Earliest: NY1850-006730
Documents in cluster: 19
Cluster ID: 9738

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-006730

615. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprise the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such case
being served on one or more of the associates; and the judgment in the action
shall bind the joint property of all the associates in the same manner as if all
had been named defendants, and had been sued upon their joint liability. Any one
of the associates may also be sued for the obligation of all.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000390

33. When two or more persons associated in any business, funétln iness under a
common name, whether it comprises the h persons or not, the associates may be
sued by such coin‘ process in such case being served on one 9l'_m0l‘e 0f m: and
the judgment in the action shall bind the joint prop5:?’ of all the associates
in the same manner, as if all had been named e_n ants, and had been sued upon
their joint liability: Any 0116 Of sociates may also be sued for the obligation
0! all.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-006580

608. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprise the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such case
being served on one or more of the associates; and the judgment in the action
shall bind the joint property of all the associates in the same manner as if all
had been named defendants, and had been sued upon their joint liability.‘ When
the associates are more than six in number they may sue by their common name.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-007090

656. When two or more persons associated in any businesss, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or
not, the associates maybe sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates, but the judgment in such cases
shall bind only the joint property of the associates.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000390

38. When two or more persons associated in any business, transact such business
under a common name, whether it comprises the namcs of such persons or not,
the associates may be sued by such common name; the process in such case being
served on one or more of the associates, and the judgment in the action shall
bind the joint property of all the associates in the same manner as if all had
been named defendants, and had been sued upon their joint liability. Any one of
the joint associates may also be sued for the obligations of all.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-006390

581. When two or more persons associated in any business, transact such business
under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or not,
the associates may be used by such common name, the summons in such cases being
served on one or more of the associates, but the judgment in such cases shall
bind only the joint property of the associates.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-006580

598. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprise the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates ; but the jud ment in such cases
shall bind only the joint property of t e associates.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-004820

439. When two or more persons associated in any business, transact such business
under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or not,
the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases being
served on one or more of the associates; but the judgment in such cases shall
bind only the joint property of the associates.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-006510

68. When two or more persons associated in any business, transact such business
under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or not,
the aesociates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such case being
served on one or more of the associates, but the judgment in such case shall
bind only the joint prop­ erty of the associates.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-006500

597. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates, but the judgment in such case
shall bind only the joint property of the a'ssociates. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-006470

595. When two or more persons, associate in any busmess, transact such business
under a common name whether it comprises the names of such persons or not,
the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons m such cases being
served on one or more of the associates, but the jud ent in such cases shall
bind only the joint property of t 1e associates. '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-003010

388. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates; and the judgment in the action
shall bind the joint prope'rty of all the associates, in the same manner as if
all had been named defendants and had been sued upon their joint liability.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-004830

417. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates; but the judgment in such cases
shall bind only the joint property of the associates and the separate property
of the party served.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-003460

388. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprise the names of such persons or
not, the associates, may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates; and the judgment in the action
shall bind the joint property of all the associates, in the same manner as if
all had been named defendants, and had been sued upon their joint liability.
Business associates—common name

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-002170

203. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact such
business under a common name, whether it comprises the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the summons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates; and the 'udgment in the action
shall bind the joint property of al the associates, in the same manner as it’
all had been named defendants and had been sued upon their joint liability.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000120

14, When two or more’ persons, associatedin any businte}SS transact such
business under a common name, whether it Collilpnsesmolri names of such persons
or not, the associates may be sued by Sue Com mum-, tiw -umluolu an rm-h run I-
mg nrud on an or mom ul tho unort Mm. but the judgment in Ittrh (U41 uh--i hm-I
only the 1-nnt prop:-rty of tho unucintun, om! the an-potato |nru||v|'1_\' ut Um
party u-rn-I [Winn nrtt-Q not Mr fro-hr cl lltlnnt. O

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-002030

246. When two or more persons associated iii any iusiliess, transact suc]
business under a comimlon name, whether it comprises the names of such persons
or not, the associates may be suet1 by such (olonl name, the sumiIOS in such
cases being served on one or more of the associates; and the judgment in the
action shall bind the joint pro)crty of' filtfile assoiate., iii file same maner
as if all had been named defbnt(hmits, and had bleen sued upon their joint li'a
ilitv.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-003070

590. When two or more persons, associated in any business, transact . such
business under a common name, whether it comprise the names of such persons or
not, the associates may be sued by such common name, the sum­ mons in such cases
being served on one or more of the associates ; and the judgment in the action
shall bind the joint property of all the associates, in the same manner as if
all had been named defendants, and had been sued upon their joint liability.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-001250

2927. Action against persons associated. Service. Judgment. "When two or more
persons associated in any business, transact such business under a common name,
whether it comprises the names of such persons or not, the asso ciates may be
sued by Bueh common name, the summons in such cases being served on one or more
of the associates; and the judgment in the action shall bind the joint property
of all the associates, in the same manner as if all had been named defendants,
and had l>ecn sued upon their joint liability. [C. L. § 3191. Cal. C. Civ. P. g
38S. Liability of special partners, gg 1688, 1094.

-----------------------------------------------


