Exemplar: MT1895-019160
Earliest: NY1850-020140
Documents in cluster: 13
Cluster ID: 9887

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-020140

1846. A witness once examined, cannot be re-examined as to the same matter,
without leave of the court, But he may be re-examined as to any new matter, upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. And after the examinations on
both sides are once concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of
the court. Leave is granted or withheld, in the exercise of a sound discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-006090

562. A witness once examined, cannot be rc-examined as to the same matter,
without leave of the court. But he maybe re-examined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. After the examination on both
sides is concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of the court. '
'

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-006770

664. A witness once examined, cannot be re-examined as to the same matter,
without leave of the court. But he may be re-examined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. After the exami­ nation on both
sides is concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-009340

817. A witness once examined, cannot be re-examined as to the same matter,
without leave of the Court. But he may be re-examined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. After the examination on both
sides is concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-009740

829. A witness once examined, shall not be re-examined as to the same matter,
without leave of the court; but he may be re-examined as to any new matter,
upon which hehas been examined by the adverse party. After the examinations on
both sides are concluded, the witness shall not be recalled without leave of the
court. Leave is granted or withheld, in the exercise of a sound discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-007210

664. Re-examination of witness. A witness once examined, can not be re-examined
as to the same matter, without leave of the court. But he may be re-examined as
to any new matter upon which he has been examined by the adverse party. After
the ex amination on both sides is concluded, the witness can not be recalled
without leave of the court. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-007590

657. A witness once examined, can not be reexamined as to the same matter,
without leave of the court. But he may be re-examined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. After the examination on both
sides is concluded, the witness can not be recalled without leave of the court.
_

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-016130

2050. A witness once examined cannot be reexamined as to the same matter without
leave of the Court, but he may be reexamined as to any new matter upon which he
has been examined by the adverse party. And after the examinations on both sides
are once concluded, the Witness cannot be recalled Without leave of the Court.
Leave is granted or withheld, in the exercise of a sound discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-021250

2050. A witness once examined cannot be re-examiued as to the same matter
without leave of the court, hut lie may be re-examined as to any new matter upon
which lie has been examined by the adverse party. And after the examinations on
both sides are once concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of
the court. Leave is granted or withheld, in the exercise of a sound liscretion.
Recalling witness—in criminal case, 49 Cal. 623: (liscretion of court,

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-006740

600 [664]. Re-examination of witnessi A witness once ex amined can not be re-
examined as to the same matter without leave of the court. But he may be re-
examined as to any new mat ter upon which he has been examined by the adverse
party. After the examination on both sides is concluded, the witness can not be
recalled without leave of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-019160

3378. A witness once examined cannot be re-examined as to the same matter
without leave of the court, but he may be re-examined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse party. And after the examinations on
both sides are once concluded, the witness cannot be recalled without leave of
the court. Leave is granted or withheld, in the exercise of a sound discretion.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-007340

668. A witness once examined shall not be reexamined as to the same matter
without leave of the court; but he may be reexamined as to any new matter upon
which he has been examined by the adverse partiy. After the examinations on
both sides are concluded the witness s hal not be recalled without leave of the
court. Leave is granted or . withheld in the exercise of a sound discretion. - .

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-006320

600 [664]. Re examination of witness. —A witness once examined can not be re-
examined as to the same matter without leave of the court. But he may be re-
examined as to any new matter upon which he has been examined by the adverse
party. After the examination on both sides is concluded, the witness can not be
recalled without leave of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


