Exemplar: NV1861-001800
Earliest: NY1850-008620
Documents in cluster: 43
Cluster ID: 10764

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-008620

782. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required must be given, in the presence of; or after notice to the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-001840

168. After the Jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a dis- agreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they I desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the Officer to
conduct them into Court. Upon their being brought into Court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
Counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-001950

26. After the 'ury have retired for deliberation, if there be a agreement
between em as_to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed of
any point of law arising in the cause, .they may require the ofli_cer to conduct
them into court; upon their being brought Into court, the information required
must be given in presence of, or Iller notice to the parties or counsel. _

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-003990

363. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the tes- j timony, or if they desire to be
informed as to any point of ; law arising in the case, they may request the
officer to conduct them into court, where the information required shall be
given in the presence of or after notice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


IN1852-003230

331. After the jury havelretired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any _point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of, or after notice to, the parties or their attorneys.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-008470

775. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the‘ cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required must be given, in the presence of, or after notice to the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-002110

17. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-003650

351. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
con­ duct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of or after notice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-002060

196. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to the parties or
counsel. 1

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-004500

386. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into Court, where the information required, being first reduced
to writing, shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to the parties
or their council. And if the jury disagree, as to any part of the testimony,
the Court may in the presence of, or after notice to both parties or their
counsel, permit the witness to recapitulate the testimony touching such fact;
and the Court may instruct them as to the law touching the same, reducing the
instruction to writing as in other cases.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-001810

168. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the oliicer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-001990

26. The jury ave re re or e 1 era ion 1 ere be a disagreement between them as to
any part of the testimdny, or if they desire to be informed of any point of law
arising in the cause, they may require the officer to conduct them into court ;
upon their being broufght into court,hthe information reclluired must be given
in presence of, or a er notice to t e parties or counse .

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001460

130. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them, as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-004050

468. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into Court, which he sltall do, when the information required shall
be given, in the presence of, or after notice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-001800

168. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-002380

203. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the case, they may require the‘ officer having
them in charge to conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court,
the information required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to
the parties or their attornies.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-001810

168. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a dice reement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or i they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they ma require the officer to conduct
them 1nto court. . Upon their eing broughtinto court, the information required
shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the arties or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-001710

170. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disc
agreement between them as to any part of the testimony, 01. if they desire,“
to be informed of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the
ofii'cer to conduct them into court. Upon their being brought. into court, the
information required shall be given in the presence l'of, or after notice to,
the parties or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-001520

140. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the
oiiicer to conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the
information required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the
parties or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-003750

351. Disagreeing, as to law or fact, may be brought into court After the jury
have retired for deliberation, if there is a dis agreement between them as to
any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed as to any point
of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to conduct them into
court, where the in formation required shall be given in the presence of or
after no tice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-001720

168. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the t.estimony, or if they desire to be
informed of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the
officer to con- duct thenf!fu~o .court. Upon ~h~ir\~ing brought into court,
the info~ati'oii·~quired sh~)l ?e given in the presence of,or after notice to,
the :parties' or' counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-004170

353. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of, or after notice to, the parties or their counsel. _

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-001860

170. After the jury have retired for deliberation. if there be a disagreement
between them as 'to any part of the testimony, 'or if they desire to be
informed of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the
officer to.conduct them into Court. Upon their being [brought] into Court, the
information required shall be given in the 191w“ «sum of. or after notice to,
the parties or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-001820

169. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimOny, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law _ arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into Court. Upon thelr being brought into COurt, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel. . . '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-004770

614. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into Court. Upon their being brought into Court, the information
required must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-002230

212. After the jury have retired for delibera­ tion, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court the information may
be given in the presence of or after notice to the parties, or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-002280

4672. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a. disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of, or after notice to, the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-001420

170. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may re quire the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-001910

173. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court; upon their being brought into court, the information
required shall be given in presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel. S

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-002670

254. After the jury have retired for de liberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the case, they may require the officer to conduct
them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information required
must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-006310

614. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed,
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court, upon their being brought into court, the information
required must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel. Information given—extent of, 45 Cal. 338 : on non-judicial days, sec.
134,subd. 1. Absence of attorneys—criminal cases, 5 Cal. 148; 37 Cal. 274.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-004090

378. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into Court. Upon their being brought into Court, the information
required must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel. V

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-003820

489. After file jury have retired for deliberacol.,, tion if theje be a
disagreement between as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be
informed of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require th'e officer
to conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-002270

5135. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a dis agreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of or after notice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-003160

5054. After the j ury have retired for deliberation, if there be a clisagreement
between them as to any part of the tostimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising 1:r1 the case, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the· information
req uired must be given in. the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or
counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1888-003530

321 [351]. How jury informed as to law or evidence after case submitted. After
the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a disagreement between them
as to any part of the testi mony, or if they desire to be informed as to any
point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to conduct them
into court, where the information required shall be given in the presence of, or
after notice to, the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-002780

24. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the oiiicer to
conduct them into the court, where the information required shall be given in
the presence of, or after notice to, the parties or their attorneys. 5

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-002570

205. [203.] Jury may return for lnforrnatlon. the oﬂicer having them in charge
to conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the infor
mation required shall be given in the presence of or after notice to the parties
or their attorneys. when further instructions are given, Recalling jury.—The
supreme court of California, in construing a if it does not appear that they
were notified, is a. fatal error: People v. similar section, hold that the court
has inherent power to recall the jury Trim, 3'; Cal. 274: Redman v. Gulnac, of
its own motion, and give further insstructions: People v. Perry, 65 Cal. 56 .
Absence of attorney or party 5 Id. H8; Davis v. Fish, 2 G. Greene, 7; Campbell
v. Berlrtt, 8 Ohio St.'2l0.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-002270

5824. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there is a disagreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
as to any point of law arising in the case, they may request the officer to
conduct them into court, where the information required shall be given in the
presence of or after notice to the parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-005720

1085. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if there be a dis. agreement
between them as to any part of the testimony, or if they desire to be informed
of any point of law arising in the cause, they may require the officer to
conduct them into court. Upon their being brought into court, the information
required must be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the parties
or counsel. Such information must be given in writing or taken down by the
stenographer.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-005450

3156. Jury may ask for further instructions. After the jury have retired for
deliberation, if there be a disagreement between them as to any part of the
testimony or if they desire to be informed of any point of law arising in the
cause, they may require the officer to conduct them into court. Upon their being
brought into court, the information required must be given in the presence of,
or after notice to, the parties or counsel. Such information must be given in
writing or taken down by the stenographer. [C. L. § 3367*. Cal. C Civ. P. \
614*. Instructions may be given on a legal, holiday, 2 701.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-002120

195. After the jury have retired for deliberation, if they desire to be informed
on any point of law arising in the case, they may require the oiiicer having
them in charge to conduct them into court. t Upon their being brou into court
the instruction required shall be given by the court in t e presence of or after
notice to the parties or their attorne s.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1902-003260

321 [35 Jury may a$k court for information. —After the jury have retired for
deliberation, if there be a disagreement between them as to any part of the
testimony, or if they desire to be informed as to any point of law arising in
the case, they may request the officer to conduct them into court, where the
information required shall be given in the presence of, or after notice to, the
parties or their counsel.

-----------------------------------------------


