Exemplar: NY1851-005050
Earliest: NY1849-005050
Documents in cluster: 19
Cluster ID: 12207

-----------------------------------------------

NY1849-005050

431. Leave to bring the action may be granted, upon the application of the
attorney-general; and the court or judge may, at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to the corporation or its oiiicers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-011450

1047. Leave to bring the action may be granted, upon the application of the
attorney general; and the court or judge may, at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to the corporation or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-005660

4. Leave to bring the action, may be granted, upon the application of the
attorney general, and the court or judge may, in their discretion direct notice
of such application to be given to the corporation, or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the cor oration in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-005050

431. Leave to bring the action may be granted, upon} the application of
the,attorney general ; and the court or “ judge may, at discretion, direct
notice of such application to be given to the corporation or its officers,
previous to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition
thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-011280

1038. Leave to bring the action may be granted, upon the application of the
attorney general; and the courtnor judge may, at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to ‘ the corporation or its officers, .previous’t‘o
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in oppontion thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005360

4. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of the
prosecuting attorney; and the district court or judge may, in their discretion,
direct notice of such application to be given to the corporation or its
officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in
opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-003350

885. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of the
attorney general, and the court or judge may in its discretion, direct notice
of such application to be given to the corporation or its officers previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-013120

5. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of the attorney
general, and the court or judge may, in , its discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to the corporation, or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-005600

4. Leave to bring the action may be granted, upon the application of the
attorney general, and the court or judge may, in their discretion, direct notice
of such application to be given to the corporation, or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-004910

481. Leave, how obtained. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the
application of the attorney-general ; and the court or judge may, at discretion,
direct notice of such application to be given to the corporation or its
officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the cor poration in
opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-004450

350. Leave to bring the action 1 may be granted upon the application of any
prosecuting attore ‘ my; and the court or judge may, at discretion, direct
notice of such application to be given to the corporation or its oliicers,
prevreus to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition
thereto. _ ,

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-004290

365. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of the
Attorney-General; and the court or Judge _ may at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to the corporation” or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may h’ear the corporation in opposition thereto. .

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-004250

446. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of the
Attorney-General; and the Court or Jud may, at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to e corporation or to its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto. ,

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-004360

431. Leave, how obtained. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the
application of the attorney-general, and the court or judge may, at discretion,
direct notice of such application to be given to the corporation or its
officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in
opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-005580

533. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the application of any
district attorney; and the court or judge may, at discretion, direct notice of
such application to be given to the corporation or its officers, previous to
granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-003810

446. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the < .i .t.im. a.
app1ication of tne Attorney-General; and the Court or Judge may, at discretion,
direct notice of such application to be given to the corporation or to its
officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation in
opposition thereto. Action upon

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-006680

5347. Leave to bring the action may be granted .upo11 'the application of any
district attorney; and the court 01" judge may, at discretion direct notice of
such application to be g iven :to the corporation ~r its officer .. s, previous
to gr .. anting such leave, .and may hear" the corporation i11 opposition
thereto. .

-----------------------------------------------


NC1892-005350

606. Leave, how obtained. C. C. P., s. 365. Leave to bring the action may be
granted upon the appli cation of the attorney general; and the court or justice,
may, at discretion, direct notice of such application to be given to the
corporation or its officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the
corporation in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-004430

427. Leave to bring the action may be granted upon the Leave to sue; application
of the Attorney-General; and the Court or Judge isro, xiv., 8«c. may, at
discretion, direct notice of such application to be given to the corporation or
to its officers, previous to granting such leave, and may hear the corporation
in opposition thereto.

-----------------------------------------------


