Exemplar: CA1868-003060
Earliest: NY1850-010580
Documents in cluster: 24
Cluster ID: 2290

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010580

965. When security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment of
any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise provided,
in the name of the clerk of the county, where the papers are filed, and his
successors in office, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003290

301. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the Clerk of the county where the papers are filed, and
his successors in oliice, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004630

46. When security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment of
any such proceeds is made, it must be done, excepts! herein otherwise provided,
in the name of the. clerk of the district court of the county where the papers
are filed, and his successors in odice, who shall hold the same, for the use
and. benefit of the interested, sub'ect to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010410

956. When security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment of
any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise provided,
in the name of the clerk of the county, where the papers are filed, and his
successors in office, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested,’ subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005220

39. When the security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the district court of the county where the
papers are filed, .and his successors in office, who shall hold the same for the
use and benefit of the parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003230

301. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or -when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the county where the papers are filed and
his successors in oilice, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004600

46. When security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment of
any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise provided,
in the name of the clerk of the district court of the county where the papers
are liled, and his successors in office, who shall hold the same, for the use
and benefit of the parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007550

698. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the county where the apers are filed, and
his successors in office, who shall hold t e same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005430

460. When the security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk [of the] court, and his successors in office,
who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the parties interested,
subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007790

717. When the security of ‘the proceeds’ of sale is taken, or when an investment
of an such proceeds is made, it shall be done (except as herein otlyierwise
provided) in the name of the clerk of the county where the apers are filed, and
his successors in office, who shall hold t e same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested—subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003040

303. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such prOceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, In the name of the clerk of the court where the papers are filed, and
his successor in office, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005730

529. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done (except as herein otherwise
provided,) in the name of the clerk of the county in which the papers are filed,
and his successor in office, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of
the parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003060

301. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the county where the papers are filed, and
his successors in office, who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003290

303. When the security of the proceeds of the sale is taken, or when an
investment of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein
otherwise provided, in the name” of the Clerk of the county where the papers
are filed, and his successors in office, who shall hold the same for the use and
benefit of the parties interested ; subject to the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003230

301. When the security of the roceeds, of , the sale is taken, or when an
investment of an snc proceeds is made, E it shall be :done, except as herein
ot ‘ rwise provided, in the name of (the Clerk of the County where the papers
are filed, and his successors in oiice, who shall hold the same for the use and
benefit of the parties interested, subject ,to the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006210

789. VVhen the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the Clerk of the county where the papers are filed, and
his successors in office, who must hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006110

585. When the security of the proceeds of the sale is taken, or when an
investment of any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein
otherwise provided, in the name of the clerk of the district court of the county
where the papers are filed, and his successors in office, who must hold the same
for the use and benefit of the parties interested, subject to the order of the
court.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005670

524. hen the security of the proceeds of sale: is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it must done, exce t as herein otherwise rovided,
in the name of the rder of the county w iere the papers are filed, and his
successors in office, who must hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-005190

672. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is mnade, it nust be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the recorder of the county where the papers are filed,
and his successors in office, wlo must hold the same for the use and benefit of'
the parties interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007230

5399. Whe11 the security of the proceeds of the sale is taken, or when a11
investment of any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein
otherwise provided, i11 the name of the clerk of the district court of the
county where the papers are filecl, and his successor .. s in office, who must
hold the same for the use and benefit of the parties interested, subject ·to the
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005610

464. [460.] When the security for the proceeds of Oct. 11,1362, sale is taken,
or when an investment of any such pro- Mm made, it . shall be done, except as
herein . other- 1§,%,{:£:,“‘“° h ceeds is Wise provided, in the name of the
clerk [of the] court tvEZ]§ivIi1gzltisn' and his successors in oﬂice, who shall
hold the same made‘ for the use and beneﬁt of the parties interested, subject to
the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007630

1384. When the security of the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the court where the papers arc filed, and
his successors in office, who must hold the same for the use and benefit of the
persons interested, subject to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-013040

3559. Securities and investments to be in name of clerk. When the security of
the proceeds of the sale is taken, or when an investment of any proceeds is
made, it must be done, except as herein otherwise provided, in the name of the
clerk of the district court of the county where the papers are filed, aud his
successors in office, who must hold the same for the use and benefit of the
parties interested, subject to the order of the court. [C. L. § 3516*. Mont,
Civ. P. ? 1384*.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-004810

437. When the security for the proceeds of sale is taken, or when an investment
of any such proceeds is made, it shall be done, except as herein otherwise
provided, in the name of the clerk of the court and his successors in office,
who shall hold the same for the use and benefit of the parties interested,
sub'ect to the order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


