Exemplar: AZ1865-003100
Earliest: NY1850-010640
Documents in cluster: 26
Cluster ID: 1574

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-010640

971. The general guardian of an infant, and the committee entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is entitled to real
estate held in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner, to authorize
his being made party to an action for the partition thereof; may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant,
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf, to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-003350

307. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set ad to such infant,
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares, of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-004690

52. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian enti‘loll to the custody
and arrangement of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own atiiiirs, who Is entitled to real estate, held
in 'oint tenancy, or in common, or iii any other manner, to authorize his lieing
made party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition,
without action and agree “P911 the share to be set off to such infant, or other
rson entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners o the
shares of the Pugh to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order
from court.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-010470

962. The general guardian of an infant, and the committee entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting ' his own affairs, who is entitled to real
estate held in joint tanancy, or in common, or in any other manner, to authorize
his being made party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set'off to such iniant,
or other person entitled, and may excute a release in his behalf, to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectfully entitled, upon an
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-005280

45. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management-of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner, so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the.share to be set off to such infant
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they may respectively be entitled, upon an
order of the court. I

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-005550

13. In all proceedings under this chapter guardians may act for their wards as
their wards might have acted being of age. The guardian of an infant, and the
person entitled to the custody and management of the estate of an insane person,
or other person adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, may consent
to a partition without any proceeding by petition as aforesaid, and agree upon
the share to be set off to such infant or other person entitled, and may execute
a release in his behalf to the owners of the shares, of the parts to which they
may be respectively entitled, upon an order of the court to that effect.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-003290

307. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who _is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant,
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in. his behalf to the owners
of the shares, of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the court. ’

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-004660

52. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and [management] of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is entitled to real estate, held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner, to authorize his being
made party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition,
without action and agree upon the share tp be set off to such infant, or other
person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners of the
shares of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order
from the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-007610

704. I‘he general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real
estate held in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to
authorize his being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may
consent to a partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to
such infant, or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf
to the owners of the shares, of the parts to which they may be respectively
entitled, upon an order of the court, which partition shall be approved or
disapproved by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-005490

466. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in common, or in any other manner, so as to authorize his being made a party to
an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition without suit,
and agree upon the share to be set on‘ to such infant or other person entitled,
and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners of the shares of the parts
to which they may respectively be entitled, upon an order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-007850

723. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and mana ement of the estate of an insane person, or other person agjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
artition without action, and agree to the share to be set oil? to such infant,
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which ‘they may be respectivel entitled, upon an
order of the court, which partition shal be approve or disapproved by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-003100

309. The general guardian of an infant and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition Without action and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they “may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-005790

535. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person incapable
of conducting his own afairs, who is interested in real estate held in joint
tenancy or in common, or in any other manner, so as to authorize his being
made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition
without action, and agree to the share to he. set off to such infant, or other
person entitled, and may execute in his behalf a release to the owners of the
shares of the party to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order of
the court, which partition shall be approved or disapproved by the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-003120

307. The general guardian ofan infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of con­ ducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so l:lB to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to 'a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to he set off to such infant,
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf lo the own­
ers of the shares, of the parts to which they may be respect­ ively entitled,
upon au order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-003350

309. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian I entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane per- 1 son, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, : who is interested in real
estate held in- joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to
authorize his being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may
consent to a partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off
to such infant or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf
to the owners of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectively
entitled, upon an order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-003290

307. The neral of a minor and the guardian entitled to t e custo y and
management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged incapable
of . conducting his own affairs, who rsointerested in real estate held in joint
tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his being made
a party to an action for the partition thereof, 1119. consent to a artition
without action, and agree upon the s are to be set 0 to such minor, or other
person entltled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners of the
shares of the parts to which they may be reSpectively entitled, upon an order of
the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-006270

795. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an ‘insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-002540

309. The general guardian of an infant and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held
in "joint tenancy or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a
partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant
or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners
of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an
order of the court. Sec 310. The costs of partition, including fees of referees
and other disbursements, shall be paid by the parties respectively entitled to
share in the lauds divided, in proportion to their respective interests therein,
and may be included and specified in the judgment. In that case they shall be
a lien on the several shares, and the judgment may be enforced by execution
against such shares, and against other property held by the respective parties.
When, however, a litigation arises between some of the parties only, the court
may require the expenses of such litigation to be paid by the parties thereto,
or any of them. Sec 311. The court, with the consent of the parties, may
appoint a single referee instead of three referees, in the proceedings under the
provisions of this chapter; and the single referee, when thus appointed, shall
have all the powers and perform all the duties required of the three referees.
Actions for the Usurpation of an Office or Franchise. Sec 312. An action may
be brought by the attorney-general, in the name of the Territory, upon his own
information, or upon the com plaint of a private party, against any person who
usurps, intrudes into, or unlawfully holds or exercises any public office, civil
or military, or any franchise within this Territory. And it shall be the duty of
the attorney general to bring the action, whenever he has reason to believe that
any such office or franchise has been usurped, intruded into, or unlawfully held
or exercised by any person, or when he is directed to do so by the governor;
provided, that any person claiming such office or franchise may bring such
action, by applying for and obtaining leave of the court for that purpose.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-006170

591. The general gnardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person or other person adjudged
incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real property held
in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner, so as to authorize his
being made a party to an action for the partition of, may consent to a partition
without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant, or other
person enti tled, and may execute a release in his behalf to the owners of the
shares of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order of
the court.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-008670

795. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the custody
and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person adjudged inca
pable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real estate held in
joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to authorize his being
made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition
without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to such infant or other
person entitled, and may execute a release, in his behalf, to the owners of the
shares, of the parts to which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order
of the court. Guardians—sec. 793n.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-005730

530. The general guardian of an infant, and the T guardian entitled to the
custody and management of the *estate of an insane person, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real
estate held in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to
authorize his being made a party to an action for the partition thereof, may
consent to a partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set 0?!’
to such infant or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf
to the owners of the shares of the parts to which they may be respectively
entitled. upon an order of the Court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-005250

678. rhe general gua'dian of a"iminor, amid the artd. ian entitle d to tiie
ciistoly "1od nnagenment of' the tate of' 'a insane pe or other person adjudgeo.
incute es~ OIIS1, a~ldg' n eapable of conducting his Ol1i aflhirs+ who is
initerested iin real estate ield in joint tenancy, or in cOninO, 01or ill aiiy
other manner so ILS to authorize his being made a party to all action for the
partition thereof, may consent to a partitioii without action, an1d agree upon
the share to bo set oil to suich inor, or other person entitled, and may execute
aI release in his behalf to the owners of the shares of the parts to which they
may be respectively entitled, upon an order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-007290

5405. The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane person or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real
property held in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner, so as
to author­ ize his being made a party to an action for the partition of, may
consent to a partition without action, and agree upon the share to be set off to
such infant, or other person entitled, and may execute a release in his behalf
to the owners of the shares of the parts, to which they may be respectively
entitled, uponan order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1892-005680

470. [466.] The general guardian of an infant, and the guardian entitled to
the custody and management of When guar dian may con sent to the estate of
an insane person, or other person adjudged partition. incapable of conducting
his own affairs, who is inter ested in real estate held in common, or in any
other manner, so as to authorize his being made a party to an action for the
partition thereof, may consent to a partition without suit, and agree upon the
share to be set off to such infant or other person entitled, and may execute a
release in his behalf to the owners of the shares of the parts to which they may
respectively be entitled, upon an order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-007690

1390. The general guardian of an infant, and. the guardian entitled to the
custody and management of the estate of an insane person, or other person
adjudged incapable of conducting his own affairs, who is interested in real
estate held in joint tenancy, or in common, or in any other manner so as to
author­ ize his being made a party to an action, and agree upon the share to
be set off to such infant or other person entitled, and may execute a release,
in his behalf, to the owners of the shares, of the parts to which they may be
respectively entitled, upon an order of the court.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-013100

3565. Guardian may consent to partition without action. The general guardian of
a minor, and the guardian entitled to the custody and man agement of the estate
of an insane person, or other person adjudged incapable of conducting his own
affairs, who is interested in real estate held in joint tenancy, or in common,
or in any other manner so as to authorize his l>eing made a party to an action
for the partition thereof, may consent to a partition without action. and agree
upon the share to be set off to such minor or other person entitled, and may
execute a release in his behalf to the owners of the shares of the parts to
which they may be respectively entitled, upon an order of the court. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


