Exemplar: CA1851-004890
Earliest: NY1850-020400
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 2107

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-020400

1867. Upon proof of personal service upon the person, who is, or is expected to
be the adverse party, of the order, copy of the affidavit, and of a notice that
the examination will be taken before a judge of the supreme court, or county
judge of the county wherein the witness resides or may be at a specified time
and place, such judge may take the deposition of the witness conditionally, and
the examination may, if necessary, be adjourned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-004890

439. Upon proof of personal service upon the person who is expected to be the
adverse party of the order, copy of the affidavit, and of a notice that the
examination will be taken before a District Judge, or County Judge of the county
wherein the witness resides, or may be at a specified time and place; such Judge
may take the deposition of the witness, and the examination may, if necessary,
be adjourned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-018750

1724. Upon proof of personal service upon the person, who is, or is expected to
be, the adverse party, of the order, copy of the affidavit, and of a notice that
the examination will be taken before a judge at the supreme court, or county
judge of the county wherein the witness resides or may be at a speciiied time
and place, such judge may take the deposition of the witness conditionally, and
the examination may, if necessary, be adjourned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-004810

489. Upon proof of personal service upon the person who is expected to be the
adverse party, of the order, copy of the aiiidavit, and of a notice that the
examination will be taken before a district judge, or county judge of the county
wherein the witness resides, or may be at a specified time and place, such judge
may take a deposition of the witness, and the examination may, if necessary, be
adjourned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004420

441. Upon proof of personal service upon the erson who is expected to be the
adverse party, of the order, copy of. the a davit, and of a notice that the
examination will be taken before a district judge or notary public of the county
wherein the witness resides, or may be at a specified time and place; such judge
or notary may take the deposition of the witness, and the examination may, if
necessary, be adjOurned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-003520

441. Upon proof of personal service upon the person who is expected to be the
adverse party of the order, copy of the affidavit, and of a notice that the
examination will be taken before a district judge or notary public of the county
wherein the witness resides, or may be at a spe cified time and place; such
judge or notary may take the deposition of the witness, and the examination may,
if necessary, be adjourned from time to time.

-----------------------------------------------


