Exemplar: CA1851-000650
Earliest: NY1848-001930
Documents in cluster: 69
Cluster ID: 2015

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-001930

139. In pleading the performance of conditions preeod cedent in a contract, it
shall not be ,necessary to state the facts, showing such performance ; but it
may be stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound
to establish, qn the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-001940

162. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts, showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


MO1849-000620

9. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a contract, it.shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his art'
and if such alleation be not controverted, stated in section 7, of this article
in regard to judgments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial; in other
cases it shall be necessary.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-000630

57. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing the performance ; but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-007250

658. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it is
not necessary to state the facts, showing such performance; but it may be stated
generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part; and if
such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish on the trial
the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-000650

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading, shall establish, on
the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000790

78. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a ; contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such per- 3 formance, but it
may be stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part, and if such all tion be controverted, the party pleifiding shall be bound
to establish on t e trial, the facts showing One per ormanee.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1851-001930

175. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated, generally, that the party duly perlormed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation is not controverted as stated in t e last section
in regard to judgments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-001960

162. In pleading the performance of conditions prece-I dent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts,E showing such performance ,- but
it may be stated generally, that the party duly pe'rforme_d all the conditions
on his part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall
be bound to establish an the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an
action or defense, founded upon an instrument, for the payment of money only, it
shall be for a party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that there
is due to him thereon from the adverse party a specgfied sum which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-001400

121. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
be sufiicient to state, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish,
on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-007100

651. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it is
not necessary to state the facts, showing such performance; but it may be stated
generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his pa rt; and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish on trial
the facts showing such performance. In an action or defense founded upon an
instrument for the unconditional payment of money only it is sufficient for a
party to give a copy of the instrument and to state that there is due thereon,
from the adverse party, a specified sum which he claims, '

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-001630

149. In pleading the performance of a condition prece­ dent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated, generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part ; and if such allegation is not controverted as-stated in the last section
in regard to judgments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-000820

59. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance. In an action or
defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be
sumfficient for the party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that
there is due to him thereon from the adverse party a spe- cific sum which he
claims.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-000630

59. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance. .

-----------------------------------------------


TX1855-002810

237. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent, it shall be sufficient
to state that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part; and if
such allegation be controverted, the party pleading it must prove the facts
showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-000690

68. In pleading the peribriance of conditions pree r cedent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part, and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound
to establish on the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action
or defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall
be sufficient for the party to ive a copy of the instrument, and to state that
there is due to himh thereon from the adverse party a specified sum which he
claims.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-001750

36. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance ; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-000650

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance ; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000750

24. In pleading the performance of conditions pre­ cedcnt in a contract, it
shall uot be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part, and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound
to establish 011 the trial the facts showing such perform­ ance. In an action
or defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall
be sufficient for the party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that
there is due to him thereon, from the adverse party, a specified mm which he
claims.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-002560

329. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract whether
such conditions are expressed or implied, it shall not be necessary to state the
facts constituting such perform­ ance, but a general statement tltat the party
duly performed all the conditions on his part, or to that substantial effect,
shall be suffi­ cient.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000820

82. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part,
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-001140

101. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-001480

131. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part, and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish,
on the trial, the facts showing such performance. ' i

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-001430

120. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in an contract, it
shall be sufficient to state, that the party duly performed all the conditions
on his part; and ifb such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-000630

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading' shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-000970

86. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-001390

118. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
be sufficient to state, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish,
on the trial, the facts showing such performance. '

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-000650

60. In pleadin the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it s all
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the arty pleading shall establish on the
trial the facts showing suclh performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1864-001770

162. [139.] (Am'd 1851.) Conditions precedent, how to be pleaded. Instrument
for payment of money only. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent
in a con tract, it shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such
per formance ; but it may be stated generally that the party duly per formed
all the conditions on his part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the
party pleading shall be bound to establish, on the trial, the facts showing
such performance. In an action or defense founded upon an instrument for the
payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for a party to give a copy of the
instrument, and to state that there is due to him thereon from the adverse party
a specified sum, which he claims. * '

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-000610

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance ; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the . conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000620

59. In pleading the performance of conditions, precedent in contracts, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated, generally, that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-001430

128. In pleading the erformance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
e sufficient to state that the party dul performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish,
on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-001630

149. Performance of precedent condition may be staled generally. In pleading the
performance of a condition precedent in a contract, it shall not be necessary
to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be stated, generally,
that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part; and if such an
allegation is not controverted as stated in the last section in regard to judg
ments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial. (Notes.)

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-000640

60. In pleading the performance of conditions prece­ dent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it
may be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on
his part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading, shall
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such perform­ ance.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-001760

142. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated, generally,’ that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation is not controverted as stated in the last

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-001220

122. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it
shall be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions
on his part; and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading must
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such per­ formance.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-001450

115. Instrument for l _.A-I 01 payment of money only. In pleading the
performance of conditions i precedent in a contract, it shall not be necessary
to state the-facts showing such performance; but it may be stated generally
that the "party duly performed all the conditions on his part; and if such
allegations be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to establish, on
the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action ‘or defense founded
upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for a
party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that there is due to him
thereon from the adverse party a specified sum, which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-001430

122. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action or
defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be
sufficient for the party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that
there is due to him thereon, from the adverse party, a specified sum which he
claims. , p ' i .

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-000650

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such 'performance ; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance. '

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-000620

60. In pleading the performance of conditions recedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the ts showing such performance; but it may be stated
generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part; . and if
such allegation be controverted,_the arty leading shall establish on the trial
the facts showing such pe ormance.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-001380

181. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish,
on ‘the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-001280

112. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent, in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing suchperformance ; but it may
be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound
to establish, on trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action or
defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be
sufficient for a party to give a copy of the in, strument, and to state that
there is due to him thereon, from the adverse party, a specified sum, which he
claims.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-001130

185. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action or
defense founded upon an instrument for the_ payment of money only, it shall be
suiiicient for a part to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that there
is due to im thereon from the adverse party a specified sum, which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-003520

457. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it is
not necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be stated
generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part, and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the
trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-000760

72. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated general­ ly that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1873-001630

162. [139.] (Am'd 1851.) Conditions precedent, how to be pleaded. In pleading
the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall not he necessary
to state the facts showing such performance ; but it may be stated, generally,
that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part ; and if such
allegation he controverted, the party pleading shall be bound to establish, on
the trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action or defense, founded
upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for a
party to give a copy of the instru ment, and to state that there is due to him
thereon from the adverse party a specified sum which he claims

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-001600

4604. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, hut it
may be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on
his part; and if such an allegation is not controverted as stated in the. last
section in regard to judgments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-000940

118. In pleading the performance of conditions pre- in pleading j . . i «• • ii
contract. what cedent in a contract, it shall he sufficient to state that the
*utHeient. party duly performed all the conditions on his part ; and if such
allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the trial, the
facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-000580

60. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such perform ance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and, if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000720

67. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-001430

131. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly per formed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegations be contro verted, the party pleading shall be bound to
establish, on the. trial, the facts showing such performance. In an action or
defense founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be
sufficient for a party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that there
is due to him thereon from the adverse party a specified sum which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-002080

5091. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it
shall be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions
on his part; and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance. SF.c. 5092.
In pleading a private statute, or a right derived there­ from, it shall be
sufficient to refer to such statute by its title, and the day of its passage.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-004370

457. In pleading the performance of conditions prece dent in a contract, it is
not necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be stated
generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part, and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the
trial, the facts showing such performance. , Conditions precedent—interpretation
of, see Civil Code, sec. 1437 ; 5 Cal. 341; 34 Cal. 670; 50 Cal. 350, 575:
allega tion of, 6 17Cal.Cal.258276. ; 30588; Cal. 24486;Cal.35 632; Cal. 448;
49Cal.566; general averment, in contract only, 52 Cal. 350. Particular instances
—attorney paid, 3 Cal. 110: deed, demand, tend er, etc., 25 Cal. 266; 35 Cal.
661; 40 Cal. 438; 41 Cal. 420, 532 : 45 Cal. 303; 46 Cal. 47 Cal. 72:section
insurance fire, 4424 Cal. Cal. 448 416:; 39statu tory 8;conditions, doespolicy,
not cover, Cal. 264 630;; 4735 Cal. Cal. 490; Cal.561. 350: taxes, street
assessments, etc., 22 Cal. 133; 47 Cal. 456; 48 Cal.52 427,

-----------------------------------------------


SC1880-001600

185. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent Conditions precedent—
how in a contract, it shall not be necessary to state the facts showing pleaded,
such performance; but it may be stated generally that the party duly performed
all the conditions on his part; and if such allega tion be controverted, the
party pleading shall be bound to estab lish, on the trial, the facts showing
such performance. In an action or defense founded upon an instrument for the
payment of for paymenTof money only, it shall be sufficient for a party to
give a copy of the monev onlyinstrument, and to state that there is due to him
thereon from the adverse party a specified sum, which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-002720

254. In pleading the performance of conditions: precedent in a contract, it is
not necessary to state the} facts showing such performance, but it may be stated
generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part, and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the
trial, the facts showing such erformance.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-000720

70. (67.) I In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract,
it shall not be necessar to state the facts showing such ance, but it may be
stated genera ly that the party duly performe erform all the conditions on
his part; and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading shall
establish on the trial the facts showing such performance. [melding private
statute-1

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-002580

327. In pleading the performance of conditiolns in a contract, it is not
necessary to state the ficts showing stch )erflorlnallce, blut it may be shtted
generally, that the party duly perflormed all the conditions on his part, and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the
trial, the filets showing sihe! performance.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-001600

5068. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a con tract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and, if such an allegation is not controverted as stated in the last

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1887-000170

14. In pleading the performance of condition precedent in a contract, it shall
not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance; but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading shall establish on
the trial the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-001570

2478. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it
shall be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions
on his part; and if such allegation be controverted, the partv pleading must
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance. [S. L. 1886, ch.
60, § 142. R. S. O., § 5091.] Private statutes, how pleaded.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-001710

4927. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent  · h 11 b t th f h ·
IP a contract; it S a not e necessary O state e acts S owing such performance;
but it may be stated generally that the party tions be controverted, the party
plea ing shall be bound to establish, 011 the trial, the facts showing such
performance, · In an action or defense founded upon an instrument for the pay­
ment of money 011ly, it shall be sufficient for a party to give a copy of the
instrument, and to state that there is due to him thereon from the ad verse
varty a specified sum which he claims.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1892-001530

263. Conditions precedent, how to be pleaded; instru ment for payment of money
only. C. C. P., s. 122. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent
in a contract, it shall not be necessary to state the facts show ing such
performance ; but it may be stated generally that the party duly performed
all the conditions on his part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the
party pleading shall be bound to establish, on the trial, the facts showing
such performance. In an action or defense founded upon an instrument for the
payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for the party to give a copy of
the instrument, and to state that there is due to him thereon, from the adverse
party, a specified sum which he claims. Pleading. —It is not necessary to state
the facts, but merely to allege performance. Britt v. Ins. Co., 105-175. Set:
264. Private statutes, how pleaded. C. C. P., s. 123. In pleading a private
statute or right derived therefrom, it shall be sufficient to refer to such
statute by its title and the day of its ratification, and the court shall
thereupon take judicial notice thereof. Must be pleaded. —When the plaintifff
relies upon a private statute, he must plead it in his complaint. Hughes v.
Com'rs, 107-508. Public statute need not be pleaded. —It is never necessary
that the plead ings shall set out a public statute. Com'rs of Bnrke v. Com'rs of
Buncombe Co., 101-520. Judicial notice. —The court is required by this section
of The Code to take judicial notice of any private statute which is referred
to by its title; so that a complaint, which refers in this manner to a statute
by which the plaintifff claimed to have been incorporated, is to be regarded as
set ting forth such statute in full, as a part of the cause of action. Trustees
v. Satchwell, 71-111. Railroad charter. —The statute (ch. 82, Laws of 1848-'49)
incorporating the North Carolina Railroad Company is a private act; and it is
error to permit it to be read and commented on to the court or jury until it has
been properly introduced as evidence. Durham v. Railroad, 108-399.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-001470

11. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a contract, it
shall be sufficient to state that the party duly performed all the conditions
on his part; and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading must
establish, on the trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1893-001880

183. In pleading the performance of conditions precew bepieaded?* dent in a
contract, it shall not be necessary to state the facts 1870, xiv., 8iss. showing
such performance ; but it may be stated generally that the party duly performed
all the conditions on his part ; and if such allegation be controverted, the
party pleading shall be bound to establish, on the trial, the facts showing
such perform ance. In an action or defense founded upon an instrument for the
payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for a party to give a copy of the
instrument, and to state that there is due to him thereon from the adverse party
a specified sum, which he ^"~y——' claims.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-001570

5757. In pleading the performance of a condition precedent in a con tract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may
be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his
part; and, if such an allegation is not controverted as stated in the last sec
tion in regard to judgments, it shall not be necessary to prove it on trial.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-003780

746. In pleading the performance of conditions precedent in a con­ tract, it is
not necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be stated
generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part, and
if such allegation be controverted, the party pleading must establish, on the
trial, the facts showing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-002820

2991. Conditions precedent, how pleaded. Proof. In pleading the performance
of conditions precedent in a contract, it is not necessary to state the facts
showing such performance, but it may be stated generally that the party duly
performed all the conditions on his part; and if such allegation be contro
verted, the party pleading must establish, on the trial, the facts showing such
performance. [C. L. § 3243. Cal. C. Civ. P. i 457.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-000890

78. In leading the performance of a condition precedent in a contract it sha
1 not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it may be
stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on his part;
and if such alle ation be controverted the party pleading shall be bound to
establis on the trial the facts showin such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1901-000160

74.) In pleading the performance of a condition prec edent in a contract, it
shall not be necessary to state the facts showing such performance, but it
may be stated generally that the party duly performed all the conditions on
bis part, and if such allegation be con troverted, the party pleading shall
establish on the trial the facts show ing such performance.

-----------------------------------------------


