Exemplar: CA1858-005330
Earliest: NY1850-016080
Documents in cluster: 21
Cluster ID: 2232

-----------------------------------------------

NY1850-016080

1474. When the warrant contains the direction to let the person arrested to
bail, he must be discharged from the arrest, upon executing and delivering
to the officer, at any time before the return day of the warrant, a written
undertaking, with two sufficient sureties, to the effect that the person
arrested will appear on the return of the warrant, and abide the order of the
court or officer thereupon, or pay, as may be directed, the sum specified in the
warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-005410

485. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering tothe Oliicer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two suHicient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
and abide the order of the Court or Judge thereupon; or they will pay as may be
directed, the sum speciEed in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-008850

8. When the warrant contains the direction to let the person arrested to bail,
he must be discharged from the arrest, upon executing and delivering to the
ofliccr, at any time before the return do of the warrant, a written undertaking
with two sufficient sureties, tot e effect that the person arrested will appear
on the return of the warrant, and abide the order of the court or officer
thereupon, or pay as may be dirccted, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-015730

1451. When the warrant contains the direction [to let the person arrested to
bail, he -must be discharged from the arrest, upon executing and delivering
to the oiiicer, at any time before the return day of the warrant, a written
undertaking, with two sufficient sureties, to the enect that the person arrested
will appear on the return of the warrant, and abide the order of the court or
officer thereupon, or pay, as may be directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-010140

6. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is con­ tained in the
warrant of attachment or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return day of the
warrant, and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon, or they will pay
as may be directed the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-005330

485. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail, is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the Warrant, a Written undertaking, with two suiiicient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear, on the return of the warrant
and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon; or they will pay as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-008680

8. When the warrant contains the direction to let the person arrested to bail,
he must be discharged from the arrest, upon executing and delivering to the
officer, at any time before the return day of the warrant, a written undertaking
with two sufficient sureties, to the effect that the person arrested will
appear on the return of the warrant, and abide the order of the court or officer
thereupon, or pay as may be directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-004810

432. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two suilicient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon ; or they will pay, as may
be directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-004940

443. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment or indorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executin and delivering to the officer. at any day before the
return ay of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect that the erson arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
an abide the order of the court or judge thereupon; or they will pay, as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-004880

487. When adirection to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upOn executing and delivering to the oilicer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
and abide the order ‘of the court or judge thereupon ;, or they will pay as may
be directed the sum specified in the warrant. '

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-004860

485. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or indorsed there­ on, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sure­
ties, to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the
warrant, and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon; or they will pay
as may be directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-005120

465. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the oiiicer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sutiicient sureties
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
and abide the order of the Court or Judge thereupon; or they will pay as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-005060

463. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to t e officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect, that the person arrested will appear on the return day of the
warrant, and abide the order of the Court or Judge thereupon; or they will pay
as may be directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-009610

1215. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is.-contained in
the warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he must be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the oihcer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufiicient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant
and abide the order of the Court or Judge thereupon; or they will pay as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1877-003790

487. When a direction to let the person arrrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant,
and abide the order of the court or judge there upon; or they will pay, as may
be directed, the sum specified in the war rant.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-003760

326. When a direction to let a person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon, he shall be discharged from the
arrest upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before return
day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties, to the
effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant, and
abide the order of the court or judge thereon, or that they will pay, as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-012720

1215. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or in dorsed thereon, he must be discharged from the
arrest, up on executing and delivering to the officer, at any time be fore the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant
and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon; or they will pay, as may be
directed, the sum specified in the war rant. Undertakings—generally, sec. 941n.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-008980

836. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he must be discharged from the
arrest, upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sumcient sureties,
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant
and abide the order of the Court or Judge thereupon; or they will pay as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1884-002530

352. (326.) When a direction to let a person arrested to bail lS con tained in
the warrant of attachment, or endorsed thereon. he shall be discharged from the
arrest upon executing and delivering to the ofﬁcer. at any time before return
day Of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two snfﬁcient sureties, to the
effect that the person arrested will appear on the return Of the warrant, and
abide the order of the c _ ourt or judge t ereon, or that they Will pay, as
may be directed, the sum speciﬁed in the warrant. [0fﬂcer’s Returm] . SEC; 353.
(327_-) The oﬂicer shall return the warrant of arrest and under V 11'lm rmm the
takmg, any received b 3 speciﬁediftherein. t “‘ day Person arrested’ w the re u
[l-learing—Wltuesses.]

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-012120

2176. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail is contained in the
warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he must be discharged from the
arrest upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any time before the
return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two sufficient sureties
to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return of the warrant
and abide the order of the court or judge thereupon; or they will pay, as may be
directed, the sum specified in the warrant, or ordered by court or judge.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1898-009780

3364. Bail bond. Form. When a direction to let the person arrested to bail
is contained in the warrant of attachment, or indorsed thereon, he must be
discharged from the arrest upon executing and delivering to the officer, at any
time before the return day of the warrant, a written undertaking, with two suffi
cient sureties, to the effect that the person arrested will appear on the return
of the warrant, and abide the order of the court or judge thereon, or that the
sure ties will pay, as may be directed, the sum specified in the warrant. [C. L.

-----------------------------------------------


