Exemplar: KS1859-006050
Earliest: OH1853-006010
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 7238

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-006010

533. The final orders, or decrees of courts of chancery heretofore rendered, or
which may hereafter be rendered in any chancery proceeding pending at the time
this code takes effect, may be reviewed in the same manner, and within the same
time, as if this code had not taken effect; and all suits in chancery, pending
at that time, maybe prosecuted to final decree in like manner.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-006050

545. The final orders or decrees of courts of chancery, heretofore rendered or
which may hereafter be rendered, in any chancery proceeding pending at the time
this code takes elfect, may be reviewed in the same manner and within the same
time, as if this code had not taken effect; and all suits in chancery, pending
at that time, may be prosecuted to final decree in like manner. ' Proceediizgs
to Reverse, Vacate or Modzj/‘g Judgments and Orders in the Courts in which they
are rendered.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-020760

6734. The final orders or decrees of courts of chancery heretofore rendered, or
which may hereafter be rendered, in any chancery proceeding pending on July 1,
1853, may be reviewed in the manner provided in the five succeeding sections,
and within the time prescribed in section sixty-setrn hu11dred and twmt;-thret;
and all suits in chancery pending at that time may be prosecuted to final decree
in like manner as if this title had not taken effect.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-011600

6734. Decrees in ohancery, how reviewed. The final orders or decrees of courts
of chancery heretofore ren dered, or which may hereafter be rendered, in any
chan cery proceeding pending on July 1, 1853, may be reviewed in the manner
provided in the five succeeding sections, and within the time prescribed in §
6723 ; and all suits in chancery pending at that time may be prosecuted to final
decree in like manner as if this title had not taken effect. [51 v. 57, ? 533 ;
S. & C. 1 109.]

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-011820

6734. Deorees in chanoery, how reviewed. The final orders or decrees of courts
of chancery heretofore ren dered, or which may hereafter be rendered, in any
chan cery proceeding pending on July 1, 1853, may be reviewed in the manner
provided in the five succeeding sections, and within the time prescribed in §
6723 ; and all suits in chancery pending at that time may be prosecuted to final
decree in like manner as if this title had not taken effect. [51 v. 57, § 533 ;
S. & C. 1109.1 Remedy by bill of review does not exist in respect to an action
commenced and prosecuted under the code, 34 O. S. 204.

-----------------------------------------------


