Exemplar: DT1862-005680
Earliest: OH1853-007040
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 4160

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-007040

610. Cases pending in appellate courts on writs of error or otherwise, when this
code takes effect, shall be conducted to final judgment, as if it had not been
adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes effect,
shall be preserved. They shall be enforced as provided in section six hundred
and two; but process already issued at such time, shall be carried on and
executed.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-006930

620. Cases pending in appellate courts, on writs of error or otherwise, when
this code takes e&'ect, shall be conducted to final judgment, as if it had not
been adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes
e&'ect, shall be preserved. They shall be enforced as provided in section six
hun- : dred and thirteen; but process already issued at such time, shall be
carried on and executed.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-006340

551. Cases pending in appellate courts on writs of error or otherwise, when this
code takes effect shall be conducted to final judgment, as if it had not been
adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes effect
shall be preserved.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-005680

547. Cases pending in appellate courts on writs of error or otherwise, when this
code takes effect, shall be conducted to final judgment, as if it had not been
adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes effect
shall be preserved.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-006780

611. Cases pending in appellate courts on writs of error or otherwise, w en this
code takes effect, shall be conducted to final judgment, as if it had not been
adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes effect
shall be preserved.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-005780

580. Cases pending in appellate courts, or writs of error, or otherwise, when
this code takes effect, shall be conducted to final judgment as if it had not
been adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes
effect shall be preserved. They shall be enforced as provided in section seven
hundred and twenty-seven [twenty-six]; but process already issued at such time
shall be carried on and executed. ARTICLE I IS81. Non-resident plalntiff to
give eecurity for coats. tiBt, Action to be dismissed when security not given.
688. Security when plalntlff' becomes non­ resident, after action brought. 684.
Defendant may move for additional security, when. 585. Judgment against surety
ror coats. 688.. Informer, under penal statute, shall pay eoets, when. ARTICLE
XXIII. // J / ,;__-- _ 'J 7· J Coata. - I 1587. Derendant dlaclalmtng title
ahall re­ cover costs, when. 588. Coats of motions and amendments, bow paid.
58il. When defendant to pay. 590. When plnlntiff' to pay. 591. May be divided
between parties, when. 692. Costa In actions against several par- ties to same
obligation. -598. Summons issued to another county may be returned by mall; fees
of I sheriff'.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-006280

606. Cases pending in appellate courts on writs of error or otherwise, when this
code takes effect, shall be conaluetml to llE‘.£‘.l ju.lgmo:it, as if it llfttl
not been adopted, and the lions of ju(i.3’I11CIltS and decrees rendered when it
takes eff'.‘:ct shall be prerservcsl.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-006520

11. Cases pending in appellate courts, or writs of error, or otherwise, when
this code takes effect, shall be conducted to final judgment as if it had not
been adopted, and the liens of judgments and decrees rendered when it takes
effect shall be preserved. They shall be enforced as provided in section seven
hundred and fifty-four; but process already issued at such time shall be carried
on and executed.

-----------------------------------------------


