Exemplar: KS1868-007540
Earliest: OH1853-008020
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 7342

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-008020

24. The officer receiving said order, shall execute the same by forthwith
arresting the defendant and delivering to him a copy thereof, and 0f the
affidavit ; and the defendant, so arrested, unless the claim of the plaintifff
specified in the affidavit and costs of suit are paid, or unless discharged from
custody by order of the plaintifff, shall be taken by such constable forthwith
before the justice of the peace by whom said order of arrest was issued, and
kept in custody until discharged by law.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-010130

921. The officer receiving said order shall execute the same by forthwith
arresting the defendant and delivering to him a copy thereof, and of the
affidavit. And the defendant, so arrested, unless the claim of the plaintifff
specified in the affidavit, and costs of suit, are paid, or unless discharged
from custody by order of the plaintifff, shall be taken by such constable or
sheriff forthwith before the justice of the peace by whom said order of arrest
was issued, and kept in custody until discharged by law.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-007540

22. The officer receiving said order shall execute the same by forthwith
arresting the defendant and delivering to him a copy thereof, and of the
affidavit ; and the defendant so arrested, unless the claim of the plaintifff,
specified in the affidavit, and costs of suit, are paid, or unless discharged
from custody by order of the plaintifff, shall be taken by such constable,
forthwith, before the justice of the peace by whom said order of arrest was
issued, and kept in custody until discharged by law.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-018050

6487. The officer receiving said order, shall execute the same by forthwith
arresting the defendant and delivering to him a c0py thereof, and of the
affidavit; and the defendant so arrested, unless the claim of the plaintifff
specified in the affidavit and costs of suit are paid, or unless discharged from
custody by order of the plaintifff, shall be taken by such constable forthwith
before the justice of the peace by whom said order of arrest was issued; and
kept in custody until dis- charged bylaw.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-008710

11. The officer receiving said order shall execute the same by forthwith
arresting the defendant and delivering to him a copy thereof, and of the
affidavit; and the defendant so arrested, unless the claim of the plaintifff,
specified in the affidavit, and costs of the suit, are paid, or unless
discharged from custody by order of the plaintifff, shall be taken by such
constoble, forthwith, before the justice of the peace by whom said order of
arrest was issued, and kept in custody until discharged by law.

-----------------------------------------------


