Exemplar: DT1862-003680
Earliest: OH1853-003890
Documents in cluster: 19
Cluster ID: 4122

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-003890

347. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and endorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-003940

357. The deposition so taken shall be scaled up and endorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004180

363. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and endorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-003680

361. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and : indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer? taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk, by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-004200

381. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and endorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-008470

770. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and endorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the person taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the register of the court where the action is pending. It shall
remain sealed until opened by order of the court, or at the request of a. party
to the action or his counsel or solicitor.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-003530

354. The deposition shall be written in the presence of the officer taking
the same, either by the officer, the witness or some disinterested person, and
subscribed by the witness. SEC- 355. The deposition, so taken, shall be sealed
up and indorsed with the title of the cause and the name of the officer taking
the same, and by him addressed and transmitted to the clerk of the court where
the action or proceeding is pending. It shall remain under seal until opened by
the clerk by order of the court, or at the req nest of a party to the action or
proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-003960

380. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or preceding is pending.
It shall remain V under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or preceding, or his attorney. '

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-008170

789 The deposition so taken shall be scaled up and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the person taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the register of the court where the action is pending. It shall -
remain sealed until opened by order of the court, or at the request of a party
to the action or his counsel or solicitor. '

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-002580

354. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up simn v «-at... <• i e0-i
addressed. ana indorsed with the title ot the cause and the name ot the remain
under officer taking the same, and by biin addressed and transmitted to the
clerk of the court at here the action or proceeding is pending. It shall remain
under seal until opened by the clerk, by order of the court, or at the request
of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-005540

696. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the per son taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the register of the court where the action is pending. It shall
remain sealed until opened by order of the court, or at the request of a party
to the action, or his counsel or solicitor.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-004980

478. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the district court where the ac tion or proceeding
is pending. It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order
of the court, or at the request of a party to the ac tion or proceeding, or
his attorney. Depositions taken pursuant, to this chapter, shall be admitted
in evidence, on the trial of any civil action or proceeding, pending before
any other court, officer or tribunal, and such deposition must be sealed up,
indorsed with the title of the action or pro ceeding, the name of the officer
taking the same, and addressed and trans mitted by such officer, to such court,
officer or tribunal.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-004310

5276. The deposition so taken shall be sealed in an envelope indorsed with the
title of the cause, and the name of the officer before whom it was taken, and
such officer shall address and transmit the same to the clerk of the court where
the action or proceeding is pending; and it shall remain under seal until opened
by the clerk, by order of the court, or at the request of a party to the action
or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-002660

283. The deposition shall be written in the presene of the officer before wNhoin
it is taken, either by the officer, the witness, or some disinterested person,
and subscribed by the witness. SMC. 28. anTd he delosiotlfiveoorn so taken shall
1e sealcd hienW& nn el velopc end(orsel with the title of the tuse, and the name
of the officer beflore whom it was taken, and such officer shall address and
ransmit the some to the clerk of the court where the aetion or proceeding is
l)el(ling; and it shall remain under seal until openeol by the clerkic, by order
of the cowlt, or at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his
attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-005980

5292. The deposition so taken shall be sealed up and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the district court where the action or proceeding
is pend­ ing, It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order
pf the court, or at the request of a party to the action ~r proceeding, or his
attorney. Depositions taken pursuant to this , chapter, shall be admitted in
evidence, on the trial of any civil aq~i'9n or proceeding, pending bef ore any
other court, officer. 01-­ i1·1bunal, and such deposition must be sealed up
indorsed with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the officer
taking the same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer, to such court,
officer or tribunal.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-003110

2624. The deposition so taken shall be sealed in an envelope indorsed with the
title of the cause, and the name of the officer before whom it was taken, and
such officer shall address and transmit the same to the clerk of the court where
the action or proceeding is pending; and it shall remain under seal until opened
by the clerk, by order of the court, or at the request of a party to the action
or proceeding, or his attorney. [~S. L. 18S6, ch. 60, § 284. R. S. O., § 5276.]
Depositions may be used before justice, referee, etc.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-004470

5276. Depositions to be sealed, indorsed, and forwarded to olerk. The deposition
so taken shall be sealed in an en velope, indorsed with the title of the cause,
and the name of the officer before whom it was taken, and such officer shall
address and transmit the same to the clerk of the court where the action or
proceeding is pending; and it shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk,
by order of the court, or at the request of a party to the action or proceeding,
or his attornev. [51 v. 57, \ 347 ; S. & C. 1042.] And where they were properly
scaled up and indorsed, the fact that they were inclosed in another envelope
addressed to the clerk, but without other indorsement, is not objectionable, 32
O. S. 163.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004080

11. The deposition, so taken, shall be sealed up, and indorsed with the title of
the cause and the name of the officer taking the same, and by him addressed and
transmitted to the clerk of the court where the action or proceeding is pending.
It shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk by order of the court, or
at the request of a party to the action or proceeding, or his attorney.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-004180

5276. Depositions to be sealed, indorsed, and forwarded to clerk. The deposition
so taken shall be sealed in an en velope, indorsed with the title of the cause,
and the name of the officer before whom it was taken, and such officer shall
address and transmit the same to the clerk of the court where the action or
proceeding is pending; and it shall remain under seal until opened by the clerk,
by order of the court, or at the request of a party to the action or proceeding,
or his attorney. [51 v. 57, \ 347 ; S. & C. 1042.] And where they were properly
sealed up and indorsed, the fact that they were inclosed in another envelope
addressed to the clerk, but without other indorsement, is not objectionable, 32
O. S. 163.

-----------------------------------------------


