Exemplar: DT1862-005530
Earliest: OH1853-007020
Documents in cluster: 12
Cluster ID: 4159

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-007020

608. If the district courtafiirm a judgment on petition in error, it shall also
render judgment against the plaintifff in error for five per cent. upon the
amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court shall enter upon
its minutes that there was reasonable ground for the proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-006180

536. When a judgment or final order shall be affirmed in the supreme court, the
said court shall also render judgment against the plaintifff in error for five
per cent. upon the amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the
court shall enter upon its minutes, that there was reasonable ground for the
proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-006910

618. If the district court allirm a‘ judgment on petition 5 in error, it shall
also render judgment against the p1ainti&' in‘ error for five per cent. upon the
amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court shall enter upon
its minutes that there was reasonable grounds for the proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-005530

532. When a judgment or final order shall be affirmed in the supreme court,
the said court shall also render judgment against the plaintifff in ‘error, for
five per cent. upon the amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless
the court shall enter upon its minutes that there was reasonable ground for the
proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-006620

596. When a judgment or dual order shall be, adirmed in the supreme court, the
said court shall also ren- 3 der judgment against the plaintifff in error for
dve per cent. 2 upon the amount due from him to the defendant 111 error, unless
the court shall enter upon its minutes, that there was reasonable ground for the
proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-005760

678. If the district court affirm a judgment on pe­ tition in error, it shall
also render judgment against the plaintifff in error, for five per cent. upon
the amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court shall enter
upon its minutes that there was reasonable grounds for the proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-006130

591. When a. judgment or final order shall be udirmed in the supreme court, the
said court shall also render judgment against the plaintifff in error, for five
per cent. upon the amount due from him to the klefcndant in error. unless the
court shall enter upon its minutes, that there was reasonable ground for the
proceeding in error.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003970

527. When a judgment or final order shall be when affirmed, affirmed in the
supreme court, the said court shall also render judgment against the plaintifff
in error, for five per cent, upon the amount due from him to the defendant in
error, unless the court shall enter upon its minutes that there was reasonable
ground for the proceeding in error.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-020720

6730. tt the district court affirm a judgment on petition in error, it shall
also render judgment against the plaintifff in error for five per centum upon
the amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court enter upon
its minutes that there was reasonable ground for the proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-006720

798. A mistake, neglect, or omission of the clerk shall iot be a ground of
error, until tie samie has been presented and acted upon in the court in vhichl
the mistake, neglect or ommission occurred. Sic. 799. The rendering of judgment
before the action stood for trial, according to the provisions o law and the
rules of court, shall be deemed a clerical error. S Ec. 800.. If time district
court affirm a judgment on petition in error, it shall also render judgment
against the plaintifff in error for five per centuni upon the amount due from
him to the defendant in error, unless the court enter upon its minutes that
there was reasonable ground for the proceeding in error.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-008720

314S. If the district court affirm a judgment on petition in error, it shall
also render judgment against the plaintifff in error for five per centum upon
the amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court enter upon
its minutes that there was reasonable ground for the proceeding in error. [S. L.
1886, ch. 60, § Soo. R. S. O., § 6730.] Writs of error and certiorari abolished.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-006500

11. If the district court affirm a judgment on petition in error, it shall also
render judgment against the plaintifff in error, for five per cent. upon the
amount due from him to the defendant in error, unless the court shall enter upon
its minutes that there was reasonable grounds for the proceedings in error.

-----------------------------------------------


