Exemplar: OH1853-005720
Earliest: OH1853-005720
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 15623

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-005720

505. Where notice of a motion is required it must be in writing, and shall state
the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made, the
name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where and the
day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or orders to be
applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the notice shall
state that fact. It shall be served a reasonable time before the hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-007650

814. When notice of a motion is required to be served, it must be in writing,
and shall state the names of the parties to the actioa or proceeding in which it
is made, the name of the Court or J adge before whom it is to be made, the place
where, and the day on which it will be heard, and if affidavits are to be used
on the hearini, the notice shall state that fact, and it shall be served ten
days before hearing, unless the Court or Judge direct shorter notice.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-005760

517. Where notice of a motion is required, it must be in writing, and shall
state the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made,
the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where,
and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or
orders to be applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the
notice shall state that fact, and it shall be served areasonable time before the
hearing. A

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-005950

514. Where notice of a motion is required it must be in writing, and shall state
the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made, the
name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where and the
day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or orders to be
applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the bearing, the notice shall
state that fact. It shall be served a reasonable time before the hearing. .

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-005320

511. Where notice of a motion is required, it must be,in writing, and shall
state the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made,
the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where,
and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or
orders to be applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the
notice shall state the fact. It shall be served a reasonable time before the
hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-006380

574. Where notice of a motion isrequired, it must be in writing, and shall state
the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is to be made,
the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where and
the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or orders
to be applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the notice
shall state that fact. It shall be served a reasonable time before the hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-005320

534. Where no ice O a mo 10n is require , 1 mus be in writing, and shall state
the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made, the
name of the court or judge before w horn it is to be made, the place where and
the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or orders
to be applied for; and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the notice
shall state that fact, and it shall be served a reasonable time before the
hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-005900

569. Where notice of a motion is required, it must be in writing, and shall
state the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made,
the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where,
and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or
orders to be appliedrfor, and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the
notice shall state that fact, and it shall be served a reasonable time before
the hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003780

504. Several objects may be included in the same motion, if they all grow
out of, or are connected with the action or proceeding in which it is made.
hiwrnii"'a' be ^EC- 505. Where notice of a motion is required, it must be in
writing, and shall state the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in
which it is made, the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made,
the place where, and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of
the order or orders to be applied for, and if affidavits are to be used on the
hearing, the notice shall state that fact, and it shall be served a reasonable
time before the hearing, iiow served.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-002410

5123. When notice of a motion is required, it must be in writing, and shall
contain the names of the parties to the action or pro- ceedin~ in which it is
made, the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place
where and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order
or orders to be applied for, and, if affidavits are to be used on the hearing,
that fact shall be stated; and the notice shall be served a reasonable time
before the hearing.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-001910

2510. When notice of a motion is required, it must be in writing, and shall
contain the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is
made, the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be made, the place
where and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order
or orders to be applied for, and, if affidavits are to be used on the hearing,
that fact shall be stated; and the notice shall be served a reasonable time
before the hearing. [S. L. 1S86, ch. 60, ยง 174. R. S. O., ยง 5123.] Who may serve
notices.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-002510

5123. Hotice of motion. When notice of a motion is required, it must be in
writing, and shall contain the names of the parties to the action or proceeding
in which it is made, the name of the court or judge before -whom it is to be
made, the place where and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and
terms of the order or orders to be applied for, and, if affidavits are to be
used on the hearing, that fact shall be stated ; and the notice shall be served
a reasonable time before the hearing. [51 v. 57, \ 505 ; S. & C. 1098.] 20 Kas.
370. Parties are bound to take notice of all motions and orders made in court
during the pendency of the action, 2 W. L. M. 329, but not after final judgment,
Id.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-006030

11. Where notice of a motion is requi-ed, it must be in writing, and shall state
the names of the parties to the action or proceeding in which it is made, the
name of the courtueol. or judge before whom it is to be made, the place where
and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and terms of the order or
orders to be applied for; and if affidavits are to be used on the hearing, the
notice shall state that fact, and it shall be served a reasona )le time before
the heirirg.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-002330

5123. Notice of motion. When notice of a motion is required, it must be in
writing, and shall contain the names of the parties to the action or proceeding
in which it is made, the name of the court or judge before whom it is to be
made, the place where and the day on which it will be heard, the nature and
terms of the order or orders to be applied for, and, if affidavits are to be
used on the hearing, that fact shall be stated ; and the notice shall be served
a reasonable time before the hearing. [51 v. 67, ยง 505 ; S. & C. 1098.] 20 Kas.
370. Parties are bound to take notice of all motions and orders made in court
during the pendency of the action, 2 W. L. M. 329, but not after final judgment,
Id.

-----------------------------------------------


