Exemplar: KS1859-004480
Earliest: OH1853-004420
Documents in cluster: 13
Cluster ID: 7207

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-004420

391. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up, and upon examination found to be cor— rect, the presiding judge of
such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004480

403. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up and, upon examination, found to be correct, the presiding judge of
such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004680

405. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up, and upon examination found to be correct, the presiding judge of
such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004180

403. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of . any court have not been
regularly brought up and recordedi by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up, and upon examination found to be correct, the presiding judge of
such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-004940

447. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, sudh court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded Within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up, and upon examination found to be correct, the presiding judge of
such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004160

418. When the judicial acts Jr other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and re­ corded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up, and, upon exami­ nation, found to be correct, the presiding judge
of such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-004620

445. When the judicial acts 01' other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct. When they
are made up and on examination, found to be correct, the presiding judge of such
court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-005100

6335. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct; and·
when they are made up, and. upon examination, found to be correct, the presiding
judge shall sub­ scribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-003070

341. Tie records shall be made up from the petition, the process, the return,
pleadings subsequent thereto, reports, verdicts, orders, judgrnents, and all
material acts and proceedings of file court; but if the items of an account,
or the copies of papers attached to the pleadings are voluminous, the court may
order the record to he made )y abbreviating the same, or inserting a pertinent
description thereof, or by omitting them entirely ; and evidence must not be
recorded. S~c. 342. When the judicial acts or other proceed. ings of any court
have not been regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such
court shall cause the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may
direct; and when they are made up, and, upon examination, found to be correct,
the presiding judge shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-003690

2682. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded by the clerk thereof, such court shall cause
the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct; and when
they are made up, and, upon examination, found to be correct, the presiding
judge shall subscribe the same. [S. L. 1S86, ch. 60, § 342. R. S. O, § 5335.]
When judicial records to be transcribed.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-005180

5335. Courts to cause records to be completed. When the judicial acts or other
proceedings of any court have not been regularly brought up and recorded by the
clerk thereof, such court shall cause the same to be made up and recorded within
such time as it may direct ; and when they are made up, and, upon examination,
found to be correct, the presiding judge shall subscribe the same. [51 v. 57, §
391 ; S. & (J. 1057.]

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004740

11. When the judicial acts or other proceedings of any court have not been
regularly brought up and recorded byrecurds. the clerk thereof, such court shall
cause the same to be made up and recorded within such time as it may direct.
When they are made up, and, upon examination, found to be correct, the presiding
judge of such court shall subscribe the same.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-005110

5335. Courts to cause records to be completed. When the judicial acts or other
proceedings of any court have not been regularly brought up and recorded by the
clerk thereof, such court shall cause the same to be made up and recorded within
such time as it may direct: and when they are made up, and, upon examination,
found to be correct, the presiding judge shall subscribe the same. [51 v. 57, \
391 ; S. & C. 1057.]

-----------------------------------------------


