Exemplar: KS1859-003950
Earliest: OH1853-003900
Documents in cluster: 10
Cluster ID: 7195

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-003900

348. Depositions taken pursuant to this article, shall be admitted in evidence
on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending before any justice of the
peace, mayor, or other judicial officer of a city, or town corporate, or before
any arbitrators or referees, and such depositions shall be sealed up, endorsed
with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the officer taking the
same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such justice, mayor, or
other judicial officer, arbitrator, or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-007410

39. Depositions taken pursuant to this chapter may be used as provided in
section twenty-four, on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending
before any justice of the peace or before any arbitrator or referee, and the
same shall be sealed up and endorsed as before prescribed, and be addressed and
transmitted by the officer taking them to such justice of the peace, arbitrator,
or referee.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-003950

358. The depositions taken pursuant to this article, shall be admitted in
evidence on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending before any
justice of the peace, mayor or other judicial officer, arbitrator or referee.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004190

364. Depositions taken pursuant to this article, shall be admitted in evidence
on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending before any justice of the
peace, mayor, or other judicial officer of a city, or town corporate, or before
any arbitrators or referees, and such deposition shall be sealed up, endorsed
with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the officer taking the
same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such justice, mayor or
other judicial officer, arbitrator, or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-003690

362. Depositions taken pursuant to this article shall be admitted in evidence,
on the trial of any civil action or proceeding, pending before any justice of
the peace, mayor, or other judicial officer of a city, or town corporate, or
before any arbitrators or referees, and such deposition shall be sealed up,
indorsed with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the officer
taking the same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such justice,
mayor, or other judicial ohiuer, arbitrator, or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-004210

382. Depositions taken pursuant to this article, shall be admitted in evidence
on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending before any justice of the
peace, mayor or other judicial officer of a city, or town corporate, or before
an arbitrators or referees, and such deposition shall be sealed up, endorsed
with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the officer taking the
same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such justice, mayor or
other judicial oiiicer, arbitrators or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-003540

856. The depositions taken pursuant to this article shall be admitted in
evidence on the trial of any civil action or proceeding, pending before any
justice of the peace, mayor or other judicial _officer, arbitrator or referee.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-003970

381. Depositions taken pursuant to this article, 1 shall be. admitted in
evidence on the trial of any civil action or proceeding pending before any
justice of the peace, mayor or other judicial officer of a city, or town
corporate, or before any arbitrators or referees, and such deposition shall be
sealed up, indorsed with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the
officer taking the same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such
justice, mayor or other judicial officer, arbitrators or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-002590

'd^>5. Depositions taken pursuant to this article shall Deposition* .. .... . .
i . , P . ., . shall be :iilha admitted in evidence on the trial ot any civil
action or pro- mitted in evj,., . . ,, ," deuce, etc. ceeding pending before
any justice of the peace, mayor, or other judicial officer of a city or town
corporate, or before any arbitrators or referees; and such depositions shall be
sealed up, indorsed with the title of the action or proceeding, the name of the
officer taking the same, and addressed and transmitted by such officer to such
justice, mayor or other judicial officer, arbitrators or referees.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004090

11. The depositions taken pursuant to this article shall be admitted in evidence
on the trial of any civil action or proceeding, pending before any justice of
the peace, mayor or other judicial officer, arbjtrator or referee.

-----------------------------------------------


