Exemplar: WY1886-006590
Earliest: OH1879-020540
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 21593

-----------------------------------------------

OH1879-020540

6711. When a petition in error is filed in the supreme court, so much of the
record to be reviewed as will show the error com- plained of shall be printed,
and ten of the printed copies thereof filed with the papers; the plaintifff may
have the printing done, or deposit with the clerk money sufficient therefore;
and if he fail, for sixty days after filing the petition, to file such printed
copies, or make such deposit, the petition shall be dismissed, unless the court,
on good cause shown, extend the time, or dispense with such printing; and the
expense of printing shall be taxed as part of the costs.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-006590

781. When a petition in error is filed in the supreme court, so much of. the
record to be reviewed as will show the error complained of, shall be printed,
and ten of the printed copies thereof filed with the papers; the plaintifff may
have the printing done, or deposit with the clerk money sufficient therefore;
and if he fail, for sixty days after filing the petition, to file sudh printed
copies, or make such deposit, the petition shall be dis. missed, unless the
court, on good cause shown, extend the time, or dispense with such printing;
and the expense of printing shall be taxed as part of the costs; Provided, That
in all cases where the amount involved does not exceed five hundred dollars,
printing of the record, or any part thereof, shall not be required.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-008520

3129. When a petition in error is filed in the supreme court, so much of the
record to be reviewed as will show the error complained of, shall be printed,
and ten of the printed copies thereof filed with the papers; the plaintifff may
have the printing done, or deposit with the clerk money suf ficient therefore;
and if he fail, for sixty days after filing the petition, to file such printed
copies, or make such deposit, the petition shall be dismissed, unless the court,
on good cause shown, extend the time, or dispense with such printing; and the
expense of printing shall be taxed as part of the costs; Provided, That in all
cases where the amount involved does not exceed five hundred dollars, printing
of the record, or anv part thereof, shall not l1e required. [S. L. 1886, ch. 60,
ยง 781. R. S. 0.,-ยง 6711.] When supreme court to assess penalties.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-011330

6711. The record in the supreme court must be printed. When a petition in error
is filed in the su preme court, so much of the record to be reviewed as will
show the error complained of shall be printed, and ten of the printed copies
thereof filed with the papers, which printing the plaintifff' in error may
have done, or he may deposit with the clerk sufficient money to pay the costs
thereof ; and if he fail for sixty days after filing the petition, to file such
printed copies or make such deposit, the petition in error shall be dismissed,
unless the court, on good cause shown, extend the time or dispense with such
printing; and the fair expense cf such printing shall be taxed as part of the
costs. The clerk shall deliver to the court, at each monthly call of the docket,
a list of cases in default under this section, and the court shall call the same
and make disposition thereof as herein provided. [80 v. 169 ; 75 v. 804, \ 5.]
Dismissal of petition in error for want of printed record held a bar to a second
petition in error, 36 O. S. 9;). The provision of this section as to the time
within which records must be printed has no application to cases reserved from
the district court, 38 O. S. 373 ; see rule 5, supreme court, 35 O. S. 396.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-011500

6711. The record In the supreme court must be printed-Exceptions. When a
petition in error is filed in the supreme court, so much of the record to be
reviewed as will show the error complained of shall be printed, and ten of the
printed copies thereof filed witn the papers,, which printing the plaintifff in
error may have done, or he may deposit with the clerk sufficient money to pay
the cost thereof ; and if he fail for sixty days after filing the petition to
file such printed copies or make such deposit, the petition in error shall be
dismissed, unless the court, on good cause shown, extend the time or dispense
with such printing ; and the fair expense of such printing shall be taxed as
part of the costs. Provided, that where proceedings in error are instituted
by any adminis trator, executor, trustee or guardian, in his trust ca pacity,
the court shall, on application of said plaintifff in error, dispense with
the printing of such record, when it is made to appear by the affidavit of the
plaintifff in error that the estate represented by him has no funds with which
to pay for such printing. The clerk shall deliver to the court, at each monthly
call of the docket, a list of cases in default under this

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-011510

, and the court shall call the same, and make disposition thereof, as herein
provided. [91 v.335; 80 v. 169; 75 v. 804, 35.] Dismissal of petition in error
for want of printed record held a bar to a second petition in error, 36 O. S.
93. The provision of this section as to the time within which records must be
printed has no application to cases reserved from the district court. 38 O. S.
373 ; see rule 5, supreme court, 35 O. S. 396. The act of 1878 incorporated into
the revised statutes as ยง6711 has no applica tion as to the matter of printing,
to cases peuding in the court previous to September 1, 1878, id. Where the right
to move for the dismissal of a case for non-compliance with the provisions as to
printing, was complete under the act of 1878, such right was not affected bv the
repeal of that act by the revised statutes, 35 O. S. 479. Type written record
insufficient, 24 Bull 265.

-----------------------------------------------


