Exemplar: DT1862-005890
Earliest: OH1853-006320
Documents in cluster: 16
Cluster ID: 4165

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-006320

559. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in his answer,
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
ossession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. W ere he does not defend
for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which
defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-006350

571. It shall be sufficient in ‘such action, if the defendant, in his answer,
deny generally the title alleged in thepetition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
possession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. Where he does not defend
for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which
defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-006540

567. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defend-The ant in his answer
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be ; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
possession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. Where lie does not
defend for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for
which defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-005890

563. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in his answer
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may ' be; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
possession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. Where he does not defend
for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which
defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-006960

627. It shall be sufficient in such action, if the defendant in his answer deny,
generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he witholds glossession,
as the case may be; but if he den the title of t e plaintifff, possession by
the defendant sha 1 be taken as admitted. Where he does not defend for the whole
premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which defense is
made.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-005950

596. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the de­ fendant, in his answer,
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be ; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
pos­ session, by the defendant, shall be taken as admitted. Where he does not
defend for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for
which defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-006470

623. It shall be suiiicient, in such action, if the defendant, in his answer,
deny generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be ; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
possession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. Where he does not defend
for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which
defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-004270

f>o8. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if theAB*W<!r. defendant, in
his answer, deny generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he
withholds the possession, as the case i may be; hut if he deny the title of the
plaintifff, possession by the defendant shall be taken as admitted. Where he
does not defend for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular
part For which defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-010480

5782. 1t shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in his answer
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession; but if he deny the title of the plaintifff, possession by the
defendant shall be taken as admitted; and when he does not defend for the whole
premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which defense is
made.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-005420

640. It shall be suihcient, in such action, if tle defendant in his answer deny
generally tie title alleged in the petition, or- that lie wvithiolds the possre-
sion ; but it'lie leiy the title of tle pilaintiff, possession by the defendant
shall be taken as admitted; and when he does not defend for the whole premises,
the answer shall describe the particular part for which defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-007000

29S8. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in his answer
deny generallv the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession; but if he denv the title of the plaintifff, possession by the
defendant shall be taken as admitted; and when he does not defend for the whole
premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for which defense is
made. [S. L. 1886, ch. 60, § 640. R. S. O., §5782.] Petition in action against
co-tenant.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-009970

alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the pos session; but if he deny
the title of the plaintifff, posses sion by the defendant shall be taken as
admitted, and when he does not defend for the whole premises, the answer shall
describe the particular part for which de fense is made, and the defendant
may further set forth in his answer such other and further grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off, as he has or might have in any other form of action,
whether they are such as have heretofore been denominated legal or equitable, or
both. [80 v. 66; 51 v. 57, \ 559; S. & C. 1122.] See I 5006, Ejectment ; § 5070,
p. 103. In an answer denying

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-009960

5782. Id. Answer. It shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in
his answer deny generally the

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-006760

11. It shall be sufficient, in such action, iV the defendant. in his answer,
deny, generally, the title alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the
possession, as the case may be, but if he deny the title of the plaintifff,
possession, by the defendant, shall be taken as admitted. Where he does not
defend for the whole premises, the answer shall describe the particular part for
which defense is made.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-010150

alleged in the petition, or that he withholds the pos session; but if he deny
the title of the plaintifff, posses sion by the defendant shall be taken as
admitted, and when he does not defend for the whole premises, the answer shall
describe the particular part for which de fense is made, and the defendant
may further set forth in his answer such other and further grounds of defense,
counterclaim and set-off, as he has or might have in any other form of action,
whether they are such as have heretofore been denominated legal or equitable, or
both. [80 v. 66; 51 v. 57, \ 559; S. & C. 1122.] See § 5006, Ejectment; \ 5070,
p. 103. In an answer denying

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-010140

5782. Id. Answer. If shall be sufficient, in such action, if the defendant in
his answer deny generally the

-----------------------------------------------


