Exemplar: NE1859-004890
Earliest: OH1853-004620
Documents in cluster: 22
Cluster ID: 10463

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-004620

407. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name ; where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1854-005780

565. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name ; where
it has passed to his heirs, or to his devisees, who could support the action if
brought anew, the reviver may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


IA1859-008120

859. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the names
of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has passed
to his personal representa­ tives, the revivor shall be in his name; where it
has passed to his heirs or devisees who could support the action if brought
anew. the revi vor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004660

419. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representatives, the revivor shall be in his name ; where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-004890

421. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004390

419. ‘Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005140

463. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his re resentatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his rig it has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


KY1867-006160

565. Death of plaintifff—in whose name action to be revived. Upon the
death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the names of his
representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has passed to his
personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name ; where it has passed
to his heirs, or to his devisees, who could support the action if brought anew,
the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1868-006480

557. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the names
of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has passed
to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; where it has
passed to his heirs, or to his devisees, who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their name.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004280

430. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representatives, the revivor shall be in their names ;
where it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if
brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-004780

459. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the names
of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has passed
tohis personal representatives, the revivor shall be in his name; where it has
passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if brought anew,
the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1874-003290

4774. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passedzto his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; where
it has passed to his heirs, or to his devisees, who could support the action if
brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003080

414. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it ' ' mi may be revived in
the names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right
has passed to his per sonal representatives, the revivor shall be in his name ;
where it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the! action if
brought anew, the revivor may be in their names. rpon dentil of

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-002880

5154. Upon the death of the plaintifff the action may be re- vived in the names
of his representatives to whom his right has passed; if his right has passed
to his personal representative, the reviver shall be in his name; and if it has
passed to his heirs or devisees who could support the action if brought anew,
the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1884-003360

5242. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the name
of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has passed
to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his (rrr) An order
of revivor must be served on a Uliuor in the same way that a summons must be
served. Halty ». Tuytor, 39—106. name (*); where it has passed to his heirs, or
to his devisees, who could support the action if brought anew, the revivor may
be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-001850

204. Upon the death of the ilaititifF the action may be revived in the namines
of hIs representatives towv whom his right has passed; ifh'i s right has passed
to his personal representative, the revivor shall he in his name; and if it has
pssed to his heirs or devisees who could sup)ort the action if brought anew, the
revivor may be in ttir names.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-002210

2540. Upon the death of the plaintifff the action may be revived in the names
of his representatives to whom his right has passed ; if his right has passed
to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name; and if it has
passed to his heirs or devisees who could support the action if brought anew,
the revivor may be in their names. In whose name revived when defendant dies.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-002890

5154. When plaintifff dies in whose name action re vived. Upon the death of the
plaintifff the action may be revived in the names of his representatives to whom
his right has passed ; if his right has passed to his per sonal representative,
the revivor shall be in his name ; and if it has passed to his heirs or devisees
who could support the action if brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.
[51 v. 57, \ 407 ; S. & C. 1059.] By analogy this provision is applicable to
proceedings in error, 29 O. S. 633, 634.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-004890

11. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, IL may be revived in the
names of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has.
passed to his personal representatives, the revivor shall be in their names ;
where it has passed to his heirs or devisees, who could support the action if
brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


AR1894-003320

5931. Upon the death of a plaintifff in an action, it may ' be revived in the
name of his representatives, to whom his right has passed. Where his right has
passed to his personal representative, the revivor shall be in his name (35) ;
where it has passed to his heirs, or to his devisees, who could sup port the
action if brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-002630

5154. When plaintifff dies in whose name action re vived. Upon the death of the
plaintifff the action may be revived in the names of his representatives to whom
his right has passed ; if his right has passed to his per sonal representative,
the revivor shall be in his name ; and if it has passed to his heirs or devisees
who could support the action if brought anew, the revivor may be in their names.
[51 v. 57, § 407 ; S. & C. 1059.] By analogy this provision is applicable to
proceedings in error, 29 O. S. 633, 634. 5155. When defendant dies, in whose
name action re vived. Upon the death of a defendant, in an action wherein the
right, or any part thereof, survives against his personal representative, the
revivor shall be against him ; and it may also be against the heirs or devisees
of the defendant, or both, when the right of action, or any part thereof,
survives against them. [51 v. 57, j> 408 ; 8. & Revivor C. 1059.]on judgment for
alimony against representatives ol deceased husband. 4 Bull 833. i> 61SB. When
defendant in real action dies. Upon the death of a defendant in an action for
the recovery of real property only, or which concerns only his rights or claims
to such property, the action may be revived against his heirs or devisees, or
both, and an order there for may be forthwith made, in the manner directed in
the preceding sections of this subdivision. [51 v. 57.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-005990

3096. Upon the death of the plaintifff in an action, it may be revived in the
names of his representatives to whom his rights have passed; where his right has
passed to his personal representatives the revivor shall be in his name: where
it has passed to his heirs or devisees who could support the action if brought
anew, the revivor may be in their names.

-----------------------------------------------


