Exemplar: NE1859-005310
Earliest: OH1831-002280
Documents in cluster: 13
Cluster ID: 10471

-----------------------------------------------

OH1831-002280

That if any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements belonging to the party, hath or Reversal of judg. shall be sold, shall
at any time thereafter be reversed, such re-º','!'... versal shall not affect
or defeat the title to the purchaser or ºrcher purchasers; but, in such case,
restitution shall be made of the monies, by the judgment creditor, for which
such lands or ten ements were sold, with lawful interest from the day of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-005030

446. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements, are sold, shall at any time thereafter be reversed, such reversal
shall not defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers ; but in
such case, restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor of the monies, for
which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day of
sale.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-005070

458. If any juugment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any time there-, after be refersed, each reversal
shall not defeat or e&‘ect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but, in
such cases, restitution shall be made, by the judgment creditors, of the money,
for which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day
of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-005310

460. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction Of which any lands or
tenements, are sold, shall at any time thereafter be reversed, such reversal
shall not defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but in
such case, restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor of the monies, for
which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day of
sale.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004810

458. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of ,which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any time thereafter be reversed, such reversal
shall not defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but in such
case, restitution shall be made, by the judgment creditor, of the monies, for
which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day of
sale.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005630

508. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any time thereafter be reversed, such reversal
shall not defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but in such
case restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor, of the monies for which
such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004650

467. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfac­ tion of which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any time thereafter be reversed, such reversal
shall i::tot defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers ; but, in
such cases, restitution shall be made, by the judgment creditors, of the money,
for which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day
of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-005210

501. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any‘ time thereafter, be reversed, such ‘reversal
shall not defeat or effect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but in
such case, restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor, of the monies for
which such lands or tenementswere sold,wit.h the lawful interest from the day of
sale.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003380

452. If any judgment or judgments, in- satisfaction if judgment reversed,
restloi which any lands or tenements are sold, shall at any timetution must he
thereafter, be reversed, such reversal shall not defeat or affect the title of
the purchaser or purchasers; but in such case, restitution shall be made by the
judgment creditor, of the monies for which such lands or tenements were sold,
with the lawful interest from the day of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-006010

5409. If a judgment, in satisfaction of which lands or tene­ merits are sold, he
thereafter reversed, such reversal shall not defeat or affect the title of the
purchaser; but in such case restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor,
of the money for which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest
from the day of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-003590

415. If' a 'judgment in satisftaction of which lands or tenements are sold, be
thereafter reversed, such reversal shall not defeat or affect the title of tle
purchaser; but in such case restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor
of the money for which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest
from the day of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-004470

2755. If a judgment, in satifaction of which lands or tenements arc sold, be
thereafter reversed, such reversal shall not defeat or affect the title of the
purchaser; but in such case restitution shall be made by the judgment creditor
of the money for which such lands or tenements were sold, with law ful interest
from the day of sale. [S. L. 1886 ch. 60, §415. R. S. O., § 54o9-] Invalid sale-
Remedy of purchaser.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-005320

11. If any judgment or judgments, in satisfaction of which any lands or
tenements are sold, shall at any time there- after be reversed, such reversal
shall not defeat or affect the title of the purchaser or purchasers; but. in
such cases, restitution shall be made, by the judgment creditors, of the money,
for which such lands or tenements were sold, with lawful interest from the day
of sale.

-----------------------------------------------


