Exemplar: OH1889-009660
Earliest: OH1879-010220
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 16207

-----------------------------------------------

OH1879-010220

6768. The writ of partition may be directed to the sheriff of either of the
counties in which any part of the· estate lies, and shall command him that, by
the oaths of the commissioners, which oath may be administered by him, he cause
to be set off and divided to the plaintifff, or each party in interest, such
part and proportion of the estate as the court shall order.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-005230

618. The writ of partition may be directed to the sheriff of either of the
counties il which any part of the estate lies, and shall command him that, by
the oaths of the commissioners, which oath may 1)e administered by him, lie
cause to be set off and divided to the plaintifff, or each party in interest,
such part and proportion of the estate as the court shall order.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-006720

2966. The writ of partition may be directed to the sheriff of either of the
counties in which anv part of the estate lies, and shall command him that, bv
the oaths of the commissioners, which oath may be admmistered bv him, he cause
to be set off and divided to the plaintifff, or each party in interest, such
part and proportion of the estate as the court shall order. [S. L. 1S86, ch. 60,
§ 618. R. S. O., § 5758.] Duties of commissioners. Sice. 2967. In making such
partition the commissioners must view and examine the estate, and on their oaths
set apart the same in such lots as will be most advantageous and equitable,
having due regard to the improvements, situation and quality of the different
parts thereof. [S. L. 1886, ch. 60, § 619. R. S. O., § 5759.]" Partition of
several tracts.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-009660

5758. The writ of partition. The writ of partition may be directed to the
sheriff of either of the counties in which any part of the estate lies, and
shall command him that, by the oaths of the commissioners, which oath may be
administered by him, he cause to be set off and divided to the plaintifff, or
each party in interest, such part and proportion of the estate as the court
shall order. [38 v. 37 ; 74 v. 152, §4 ; S. & C. 900.]

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-009830

5758. The writ of partition. The writ of partition may be directed to the
sheriff of either of the counties in which any part of the estate lies, and
shall command him that, by the oaths of the commissioners, which oath may be
administered by him, he cause to be set off and divided to the plaintifff, or
each party in interest, such part and proportion of the estate as the court
shall order. [38 v. 37 ; 74 v. 152, \ 4 ; S. & C. 900.]

-----------------------------------------------


