Exemplar: OK1893-005100
Earliest: OH1831-000840
Documents in cluster: 12
Cluster ID: 16729

-----------------------------------------------

OH1831-000840

That if execution shall not be sued out within five judgment stana. years from
the date of any judgment that now is, or that may ng, five years hereafter
be, rendered in any court within this State; or iſ five."... years shall have
intervened between the date of the last exe- mant, and its cution issued on any
such judgment obtained as aforesaid, and "*** the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1841-002270

Sac-r. LXXXIV. That every special verdict and demurrer to evidence, shall be
entered on the minutes of the court; after which, either party may move the
court to assign a day for arglléll. ment. Sscr. LXXXV. That if execution shall
not be sued out m med' On defaultsthe dng: unless, 6w. Motion for a Taggﬁf)‘:
in arrest. Proceedings on igﬁ‘ﬂdexu'glfg; to evidence. Judgmentstam within
ﬁve years from the date of any judgmentthat now is, or WP, 0211;33 that may
hereafter be rendered in any court, Within this state; tion. becomes last or,
ifexecution ﬁve yearsissued shall on have any intervened such judgment between
obtained theasdate aforesaid, of the ' and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a ien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1853-004800

422. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of
any judgment, that now is or may hereafter be rendered in any court of record
in this State, or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004830

434. If execution shall not be sued out Within five years from the date of any
judgment that now is or may hereafter be rendered, in any court of record in
this Territory, or if hve years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-005070

436. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of any
judgment, that now is or may hereafter be rendered in any court of record in
this territory; or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and ihe time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004570

434. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of any
judgment, that now is or may hereafter be rendered in any court of record in
this territory; or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of sueing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005360

482. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of any
judgment that now is or may hereafter be rendered in any court of record in
this territory, or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004430

445. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of
any judgment that now is or may hereafter be rendered, in any court of record
in this state, or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-004980

478. If execution shall not be sued out within Eve years from the date of any
judgment that now is or may hereafter be rendered in any court of record in
this territory, or if live years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of sueing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment sl:all become dormant and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003190

428. If execution shall not be sued out within five when j s. ci m ment shall be
years from the date of any judgment that now is, or may come dormant hereafter
be rendered in any court of record in this Territory, or if five years shall
have intervened between the date of the last execution issued on such judgment
and the time of sueing out another writ of execution thereon, such judgment
shall become dormant and shall cease to operate as a lien on the estate of the
judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-005720

5380. If execution on a judgment rendered in any court of record in this state,
or a transcript of which has been filed as provided in section fifty-three
hundrtd and saetuy-sercn, be not sued out within five years from the date of
the judgment, or if five years intervene between the date of the last execution
issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another execution thereon,
such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to operate as a lien on the
estate of the judg­ ment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-005100

11. If execution shall not be sued out within five years from the date of any
judgment that now is or may hereafter be rendered, in any court of record in
this Territory, or if five years shall have intervened between the date of the
last execution issued on such judgment and the time of suing out another writ
of execution thereon, such judgment shall become dormant, and shall cease to
operate as a lien on the estate of the judgment debtor.

-----------------------------------------------


