Exemplar: WY1874-003250
Earliest: OH1853-004890
Documents in cluster: 14
Cluster ID: 21535

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-004890

431. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previously taken
in execution, the officer issuing sai writ, shall, at the request of the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a command to
the ofIicerto whom such writ shall be directed, that, if the roperty remaining
in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon the lands and tenements, goods and
chattels, or either, as the law shall permit, being the property of the judgment
debtor, sufficient to satisfy the debt. '

-----------------------------------------------


KS1859-004920

443. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previously taken
in execution, the officer issuing said writ shall, at the request of the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a command
to the 0&cer to whom such writ shall be directed, that if the property remaining
in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insullicient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, as the law shall permit, being the property of the judgment debtor,
sullicient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1859-005160

445. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale ofFurther property previously
taken in execution, the officer issuing said writ, shall, at the request of
the person entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto,
a command to the officer to whom such writ shall be directed, that, if the
property remaining in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insufficient
to satisfy the judgment, he shall levy the same upon the lands and tenements,
goods and chattels, or either, as the law shall permit being the property of the
judgment debtor, sufficient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1862-004660

443. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previoiisly taken
in execution, the officer issuing said writ shall, at the request of the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a command to
the officer to whom such writ shall be directed, that, if the property remaining
in his hands, not sold, shall, in his opinion, be insufficient to satisfy.the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon the lands and tenements, goods and
chattels, or either, as the law shall permit, being the property of the judgment
debtor, sufiicient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-005450

491. “Then any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previously taken
in execution, the officer issuing said writ shall, at the request of the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a command to
the officer to whom such writ shall be directed, that if the property remaining
in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon the lands and tenements, goods and
chattels, or either, as the law shall permit, being the

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-004500

452. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previously taken
in execution, the officer issu­ ing said writ shall, at the request of the
person entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a
command to the officer to whom such writ shall be directed, that if the property
remaining in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insufficient to
satisfy the judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and
chattels, or either, as the law shall permit, being the property of the judgment
debtor, sufficient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1870-005050

485. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale. of property previously taken
in execution, the‘ officer issuing, saidwrit shall, at the request of theperson
entitled to the. benefit thereof, his agent or attorney,_ad_d theretota command;
to the officerto whom such.,writ shall be.directed,- that if the. property
1'emainii_ig in his.hands not. sold,_shall, in his opin-. ion, be insuffrcient
to satisfy the judgment, he shall levy the. same upon the lands and tenements,
goods and chattels, or either, as the law shallpermit, being the property of the
judgment debtor, suf}icient,to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1874-003250

437. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale May levy <>>> of property
previously taken in execution, the officer issuing said writ shall, at the
request of the person entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney,
add thereto a command to the officer to whom such writ shall be directed, that
if the property remaining in his hands, not sold, shall, in his opinion, be
insufficient to satisfy the judgment, he shall levy the same upon the lands and
tenements, goods and chattels, or either, as the law shall permit, being the
property of the judgment debtor, sufficient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-005800

5388. When a writ is issued directing the sale of property previously taken in
execution, the officer who issues the writ shall, if requested by the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, or his agent or attorney, add thereto a
command to the officer to whom the writ is directed, that if, in his opinion,
the property remaining in his hands not sold is insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, of the judg­ ment debtor, as the law permits, sufficient to satisfy
the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1886-003440

395. When a writ is issued directing the sale of property previously taken in
execution, the officer who issues the writ shall, if requested by the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, or his agent or attorney, add thereto a
command to the office'r to ,Nhorn the writ is directed, that if, in his opinion,
the piroperty remaining in his hands not sold is insufficient to satist the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, of the judgment debtor, as the law permits, sufficient to satisfy the
debt.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-004240

2735. When a writ is issued directing the sale of property previously taken in
execution, the officer who issues the writ shall, if requested bv the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, or his agent or attorney, add thereto a
command to the officer to whom the writ is directed, that if, in his opinion,
the propertv remaining in his hands not sold is insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, of the judgment debtor, as the law permits, sufficient to satisfv the
debt. [S. L. 1S86, ch. 60, § 395. R. S. O., § 5388.] Appraisement of realty.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-005880

5388. Further writ of oxecution may direct another levy if the first be
insufficient. When a writ is issued directing the sale of property previously
taken in exe cution, the officer who issues the writ shall, if requested by the
person entitled to the benefit thereof, or his agent or attorney, add thereto
a command to the officer to whom the writ is directed, that if, in his opinion,
the property remaining in his hands not sold is insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, of the judgment debtor, as the law permits, sufficient to satisfy the
debt. [51 v. 57, § 431 ; S. & C. 1072.] See § 5386n ; 33 O. S. 85.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-005170

11. When any writ shall issue, directing the sale of property previously taken
in execution, the officer issuing said writ shall, at the request of the person
entitled to the benefit thereof, his agent or attorney, add thereto a command to
theofficer to whom such writ shall be directed, that if the property remaining
in his hands not sold shall, in his opinion, be insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, as the law shall permit, being the property of the judgment debtor,
sufficient to satisfy the debt.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-005840

6380. Furtner writ of execution may direot another levy if the first be
insufficient. When a writ is issued directing the sale of property previously
taken in exe cution, the officer who issues the writ shall, if requested by the
person entitled to the benefit thereof, or his agent or attorney, add thereto
a command to the officer to whom the writ is directed, that if, in his opinion,
the property remaining in his hands not sold is insufficient to satisfy the
judgment, he shall levy the same upon lands and tenements, goods and chattels,
or either, of the judgment debtor, as the law permits, sufficient to satisfy the
debt. [51 v. 57, § 431 ; S. & C. 1072.] See \ 5386n ; 33 O. S. 85.

-----------------------------------------------


