Exemplar: OK1893-010500
Earliest: OH1853-009160
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 16777

-----------------------------------------------

OH1853-009160

138. The officer shall, within ten days after receiving the writ, execute the
same by restoring the plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and shall
levy and collect the costs and make return, as upon other executions. If the
officer shall receive a notice from the justice that the proceedings have been
stayed, by an allowance of a writ of error, he shall immediately delay all
further proceedings uponthe execution ; and if the premises have been restored
to the plaintifff, he shall immediately place the defendant in the possession
thereof, and return the writ with his pro. ceedings and costs taxed thereon.
ARTICLE XI. OF THE REPLEVIN OF PROPERTY.

-----------------------------------------------


NE1866-011320

1032. The officer shall, within ten days aher receiving the writ, execute the
same by restoring the (plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and shall
levy an collect the costs, and make return as upon other executions. If the
officer shall receive a notice from the justice that the proceedings have been
sta ed by an allowance of a of error, he shall immediate y delay all further
proceedings upon the execution; and if the premises have been restored to the
plaintifff, he shall immediately place the defendant in the possession thereof,
and return the writ, with his proceedings and cost taxed thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


KS1868-009030

171. The officers shall, within ten days after receiv­ ing the writ, execute
the same by restoring the plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and
shall levy and collect the costs and make return, as upon other executions. If
the officer shall receive a notice from the justice that the proceedings have
been stayed by proceedings in error, he shall immediately delay all further
proceedings upon the execution; and if the premises have been restored to the
plaintifff, he shall immediately place the defendant in the possession thereof,
and return the writ with his proceed­ ings and costs taxed thereon. Constable,.
ARTICLE XIV. I 1'l'i. Justice ma:, appoint constable for ape- I 180. Retum or
"not found,. shall not be clal purpose, In what cases. made, unless, &c. 178.
Authority of person so appointed. 181. Authority or constable coextensive 174.
Ju1tlcc to stand as his surety. with hie county; power over goods 175. General
powers of constable. and chattels, &c. 176. Duty in executing process. 182. On
taking prisoner to jatl, copy of 177. Ma:, call aid. proce111 to be left with
shertir. 178. Return or process. 183. Money received by constable to be 179.
Time of receiving proeees to be noted; paid to whom. manner of executing it to
be stated. 184. Llablllt1.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1879-019390

6612. Tne officer shall, within ten days after receiving the writ, execute the
same by restoring the plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and shall
levy and collect the costs and make return, as h · · f h · · h 11 · · r. h upon
ot er execunons : 1 t e justice s a receive a notice rrom t e clerk of the court
of common pleas, whose duty it is hereby made to issue such certificates under
the seal of said court, that the proceedings have been stayed by the filing of
a petition in error, and undertaking required hy law, in the court of common
pleas, he shall immediately issue his order to the officer executing the writ
commanding him to delay all further proceedings upon the execution, and if the
premises have been restored to the plaintifff, he shall immediately place the
defendant in possession thereof, and return the writ with his proceed- ings and
the costs taxed thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1891-010100

14. The officer shall, within three days after receiving the writ, execute
the same by restoring the plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and by
collectiug the amount of the judgment and the costs as in other actions, and
shall make return of said writ as in other civil actions. If the officer shall
receive notice from the justice that the proceedings have been stayed by an
appeal or petition in error. he shall immediately delay all further proceedings
under the execution, and if the premises have been restored to the plaintifff,
he shall immediately place the defendant in the possession thereof, and return
the writ with -his proceedings and costs taxed thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


OK1893-010500

11. The officer shall, within ten days after receiving the writ, execute the
same by restoring the plaintifff to the possession of the premises, and shall
levy and collect the costs and make return, as upon other executions. If the
officer shall receive a notice from the justice that the proceedings have
been stayed by proceedings in error, he shall immediately delay all further
proceedings upon the execution; and if the premises have been restored to the
plaintifff, he shall immediately place the defendant in the posession thereof,
and return the writ with his proceedings and costs taxed thereon.

-----------------------------------------------


