Exemplar: OH1879-021270
Earliest: OH1879-021270
Documents in cluster: 5
Cluster ID: 15928

-----------------------------------------------

OH1879-021270

6782. The trustees shall forthwith demand all money, property, books, deeds,
notes, bills, obligations, and papers, of every descrip- tion, within the
custody, power, or control of the officers of the corporation, or either of
them, belonging to the corporation, or in any wise necessary for the settlement
of its affairs, or for the discharge of its debts and liabilities; and they may
sue for and recover the demands and property of the corporation, and shall be
jointly and severally liable to the creditors and stockholders to the extent of
its property and effects which come into their hands.

-----------------------------------------------


WY1887-008380

31 14. The trustees shall forthwith demand all money, property, books, deeds,
notes, bills, obligations and papers of every description within the custody,
power or control of the officers of the corporation, or either of them,
belonging to the corporation, or in any wise necessarv for the settlement of its
affairs, or for the discharge of its debts and liabilities; and they may sue for
and recover the demands and property of the corporation, and shall be jointlv
and severally liable to the creditors and stockholders, to the extent of its
propertv and effects which come into their hands. [S. L. 1S86, ch 60, § 766. R.
S. O., §6782.] Enforcement of delivery to trustees.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1889-012150

6782. Powers and duties of trustees. The trustees shall forthwith demand all
money, property, books, deeds, notes, bills, obligations, and papers, of every
de scription, within the custody, power, or control of the officers of the
corporation, or either of them, belonging to the corporation, or in any wise
necessary for the set tlement of its affairs, or for the discharge of its debts
and liabilities; and they may sue for and recover the de mands and property of
the corporation, and shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors and
stock holders to the extent of its property and effects which come into their
hands. [75 v. 818 ; 36 v. 68, \ 19 ; S. & C. 1268.]

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-008010

1430. The trustees shall forthwith demand all money, property, books, deeds,
notes, bills, obligations and papers of every description, within the cus­ tody,
power or control of the officers of the corporation, or either of them belonging
to the corporation, or in anywise necessary for the settlement of its affairs,
or for the discharge of its debts and liabilities, and they may sue for and
recover the demands and property of the corporation, and shall be jointly and
severally liable to the creditors and stockholders to the extent of its property
and effects which come into their hands.

-----------------------------------------------


OH1896-012320

6782. Powers and duties of trustees. The trustees shall forthwith demand all
money, property, books, deeds, notes, bills, obligations, and papers, of every
de scription, within the custody, power, or control of the officers of the
corporation, or either of them, belonging to the corporation, or in any wise
necessary for the set tlement of its affairs, or for the discharge of its debts
and liabilities; and they may sue for and recover the de mands and property of
the corporation, and shall be 1'ointly and severally liable to the creditors
and stocklolders to the extent of its property and effects which come into their
hands. [75 v. 818 ; 36 v. 68, § 19 ; S. & C. 1268.]

-----------------------------------------------


