Exemplar: UT1859-004940
Earliest: WI1849-003210
Documents in cluster: 6
Cluster ID: 19661

-----------------------------------------------

WI1849-003210

In all cases not otherwise specially provided for, the first process in suits
shall be by a summons, command~ the offi- cer to summon the defendant to appear
before such justice at the time and place expressed in such summons, not less
than six nor more than fifteen da:ys from the date thereof, to answer unto the
plaintifff in the plea in the summons contained. '

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-005780

29. In all cases, not otherwise specially provided for, the first process shall
be a summons, directed to the she1'if‘f or constable, and commanding him to
summon the defendant to appear before such justice, at a time and place to be
named in the summons, not less than six nor more than twenty days after the date
thereof, to answer the complaint of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008090

12. In all cases not otherwise specially provided for, the first process shall
be a summons, directed to the marshal or constable, commanding him to summon the
defendant to appear before such justice, or some other justice of the peace of
the county of Washing­ ton, at a certain time,. (not more than twenty days from
the date thereof,) to answer the complaint of the plaintifff. In an action for
money or damages, the summons shall state the amount claimed. In an action for
the recovery of personal property, the property claimed shall be described with
reasonable certainty, where no affidavit is filed at the time of issuing the
summons for the immediate delivery thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-004940

441. In all cases not otherwise specially provided for, the first process shall
be a summons directed to the sheriff or constable and commanding him to summon
the defendant to appear before such justice, at a time and place named in the
summons, not less than six, nor more than twenty days from the date thereof, to
answer the complaint of the plaintifff.

-----------------------------------------------


NM1897-007460

3244. In all cases, not otherwise specially provided for, the first process
shall be a summons, commanding the officer to summon the defendant to appear
before said justice at the time and place stated in the summons, not less than
five days, nor more than twenty days, from the date thereof, to answer to the
plaintifff's demand: the nature of the action to be set forth and contained in
the summons, which summons shall be served at least five days before the return
day thereof, by reading the same to the defendant or by delivering to him a true
co )y thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-010400

948. The summons shall be Issued and signed by the justice, and must require the
defendant to appear before such justice at atime and place to be named therein
not less ‘than six nor more than twenty days from the date thereof, to answer
the complaint of the plaintifff, or °udgment for want thereof will be taken a
ainst him,

-----------------------------------------------


