Exemplar: WI1858-013620
Earliest: WI1849-018330
Documents in cluster: 8
Cluster ID: 20905

-----------------------------------------------

WI1849-018330

At the time and place specified in such notice, such person shall be taken under
the custody of the jailer, or the sheriff, or his deputy, before such justices,
who shall examine the prisoner on his oath, concerning his estate and effects,
and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the judgment for which be is
com­ mitted; and they shall also hear any other legal and pertinent evi­ dence
that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-008430

4. At the time and place specified in such notice, such person shall be taken
under the custody of the jailor, or the sheriff or his deputy, before such
justices, who shall examine the prisoner on his oath concerning his estate and
effects, and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the judgment for which
he is committed; and they shall also hear any other legal and pertinent evidence
that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-013620

4. At the time and place specified in such notice, such person shall be taken
under the custody of the jailer, or the sheriff or his deputy, before such
justices, who shall examine the prisoner on his oath, concerning his estate and
effects, and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the judgment for which
he is committed; and they shall also hear any other legal and pertinent evidence
that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-009050

1146. At the time and place specified in the notice, such person must be taken
before such Judge, who must examine him under oath concerning his estate and
property and effects, and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the
judgment for which he is committed; and such Judge may also hear any other legal
and pertinent evidence that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1880-011990

1146. At the time and place specified in the notice, such person must be taken
before such judge, who must examine him under oath concerning his estate and
prop erty and effects, and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the
judgment for which he is committed; and such judge may also hear any other legal
and pertinent evi dence that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-008450

786. At the time and place specified in the notice, such person must be taken
before such Judge, who must examine him under oath concerning his estate and
property and effects, and the dis osal thereof, and his ability to ay the
judgment for w ich he is committed; and such Jpudge may also hear any other
legal and pertinent evidence that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1884-007630

1024. At the time and place specified in file notice, such 1person must be taken
before such judge, who forejudge. must examine him under oath concerning his
estate and property and effects, and the disposal thereof; and his ability to
pary the judgment for which he is committed, and such judge my also hearf any
other legal and pertinent evidence that, may be produced I)y the debtor or the
creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1895-011510

2063. At the time and place specified in the notice, such person must be taken
before the judge, who must examine him under oath concerning his estate and
property and effects, and the disposal thereof, and his ability to pay the
judgment for which he is committed; and such judge may also hear any other legal
or pertinent evidence that may be produced by the debtor or the creditor.

-----------------------------------------------


